and|VBG-VP-developing
and|NN-NP-monomer
or|*COMMA*-ADJP-*COMMA*
and|NNP-NP-Kursk
and|NN-NP-state
and|NP-NP-NP-NN-NN
and|NNS-NP-sofas
and|NONE_TREE
and|NN-NP-money
or|ADVP-UCP-NN-PP
or|NN-NP-cost
and|JJ-ADJP-unswagged
and|JJ-ADJP-big
and|NNS-NP-standards
and|NP-NP-DT-VBG-NN
so|VBD-VP-was
and|NNS-NP-shrubs
and|NNP-NP-Finnair
or|PP-NP-IN-NP
and|JJ-ADJP-six-month
and|VP-VP-VB-PRT-NP-PP
and|NP-NP-NNPS-NNS
thereby|CC-VP-and
and|NN-NP-cellular-phone
and|NN-NP-skiing
and|S-S-``-NP-''
and|NN-NP-choice
and|VBN-ADJP-focused
and|NP-NP-JJ-NNS-NNS
but|VP-VP-VBG-NP
or|JJ-ADJP-alarming
and|NNS-NP-Nikons
in particular|*COMMA*-S-*COMMA*
as if|VBZ-VP-proceeds
and|NNS-NP-faxes
and|NNS-NP-farmers
before|NP-SBAR-DT-NN-QP
and|NP-NP-NP-JJ-NN-NN
as a result|NP-VP-NNS
yet|RBR-ADVP-Better
and|RB-ADVP-here
Additionally|None
Insofar as|None
and|VP-VP-VBN-SBAR
because|PP-PP-ADVP-IN-NP
and|VBD-VP-hugged
but|''-VP-''
or|SBAR-SBAR-WHADVP
and|VP-VP-VBG-NP-PP
but|ADVP-UCP-RB-PP
before|RB-SBAR-just
and|JJ-ADJP-flamboyant
or|NN-NP-part
as well|VBN-VP-delivered
and|ADJP-ADJP-RB-JJ-NP
and|JJ-ADJP-rare
but|PRN-S-*COMMA*-INTJ-*COMMA*
nor|ADJP-UCP-DT-JJ-CC-JJ
and|RP-PRT-back
and|NNP-NP-Hamilton
and|NP-NP-NNP-NNPS-NNP-NNP-NNP
and|NN-NP-flora
and|NP-NP-PRP$-JJ-JJ-NNS
and|NN-NP-lettuce
but|JJ-ADJP-well-known
AND|NNP-NP-LIVESTOCK
in addition|CC-S-And
and|S-S-CC-PP-NP-VP
overall|NP-NP-DT-NN-POS
In addition|NONE_TREE
and|CD-QP-1*COMMA*000
furthermore|None
later|PRP$-NP-his
in short|None
or|NN-NP-resolution
and|NN-UCP-road
and|JJ-ADJP-conscientious
as|NONE_TREE
and|JJ-ADJP-fraudulent
Rather|None
and|NN-NP-shopping
and|JJ-ADJP-fearful
finally|None
and|NN-NP-structure
and|JJ-ADJP-immoral
further|DT-NP-any
and|NNS-NP-Dealers
and|NP-NP-JJ-NN-NN-NN
but|VP-VP-VBP-S
and|NN-NP-tuition
and|NP-NP-NNP-NNP-NNP-CC-NNP
as well|VBN-VP-severed
and|NNS-NP-books
or|SBAR-SBAR-WHADVP-S
and|NNP-NP-Oakland
and|JJ-NP-three-month
and|PP-PP-IN-NP-PRN
and|NN-NP-administration
and|VB-VP-make
and|NNS-NP-factories
but|VP-VP-VBN-PP
or|ADVP-UCP-RB-RB
or|NP-NP-RB-NNP
or|NP-NP-DT-NNPS
and|NNP-NP-Wickes
as well|PP-VP-TO-NP
and|VP-VP-VBP-RB-VP
and|NN-NP-radio
and|VP-VP-VBD-PP
and|NP-UCP-NN-NNS
and|NNP-NP-Clinton
and|JJ-ADJP-interesting
and|NN-NP-frustration
later|NP-ADVP-DT-JJ-NN
and|NN-NP-psychology
and|JJ-NP-English
and|NNS-NP-homosexuals
and|MD-VP-can
or|JJ-NP-black
and|NNS-NP-shares
and|NN-NP-chemical
or|ADJP-ADJP-JJ-PP
and|NNP-NP-November
and|NNP-NP-Emerson
and|NNS-NP-hikers
and|VBN-VP-repaired
and|JJ-NP-feminist
but|None
and|VBN-VP-postponed
and|NNS-NP-fluctuations
and|NNS-NP-installations
and|NNP-NP-Poor
and|NNP-NP-Dostoevski
and|NN-NP-lock
while|DT-NP-a
therefore|None
and|VBD-VP-developed
and|NP-NP-QP-JJ-VBG-NNS
and|NP-NP-DT-JJ-NNP-CC-NNP-NN-NN-NNS
and|VBZ-VP-develops
as long as|VBN-VP-anticipated
and|ADVP-UCP-RB
and|NN-NP-office
and|NN-NP-shipping
and|VBZ-VP-plans
or|PP-PP-IN
else|NN-NP-Everyone
and|NN-NP-selling
and|JJ-NP-private
and|JJ-ADJP-famous
and|NNS-NP-Educators
and|NP-NP-DT-JJ-JJ-NNS
and|NN-NP-mother
and|NN-UCP-employee
unless|None
and|SBAR-SBAR-IN-S
and|NNS-NP-trucks
plus|NP-NP-NN-NNS
and|PRN-S-*COMMA*-''-S-*COMMA*-``
and|NN-NP-hardware
before|RB-ADVP-back
and|JJ-NP-free
by comparison|*COMMA*-S-*COMMA*
earlier|DT-NP-An
later|RB-ADVP-back
and|NNP-NP-Beretta
and|NN-NP-stress
and|VBD-VP-put
and|VB-VP-creak
or|NNS-NP-laws
and|PRN-S-*COMMA*-ADVP-*COMMA*
and|NNP-NP-Texas
or|NN-NP-closing
and|NN-NP-authority
as a result|NP-NP-JJR-NN
and|NN-UCP-mortgage
thereafter|RB-ADVP-shortly
or|JJ-ADJP-violent
and|CD-NP-1981
so|RB-ADVP-only
and|NNP-NP-Jacobson
and|VBG-VP-expanding
and|NP-NP-PRP$-NNS
and|NP-NP-NP-NNP-NNPS-NNP
and|ADJP-ADJP-RB-JJ-S
and|NN-NP-citizenship
as well|ADJP-VP-JJ-S
and|NP-NP-NNP-NNPS
and|NNS-NP-appliances
or|NNS-NP-guidelines
as|JJ-PP-silvery
and|VP-VP-VBD-``-VP
and|*COLON*-S-...
and|VBD-VP-faltered
or|NAC-NP-NNP-*COMMA*-NNP-*COMMA*
and|JJ-ADJP-prodigious
or|NN-NP-rule
and|NX-NX-NN-NN
and|NN-NP-chemistry
or|JJ-ADJP-complex
and|VB-NP-pay
or|NP-NP-VBG-NNS
Unless|None
but|JJ-ADJP-unfortunate
and|NNS-NP-shillings
and|NNS-NP-landfills
and|NNP-NP-Eward
neither nor|NP-S-PRP
and|ADVP-ADVP-RB-RB
but|*COMMA*-PRN-*COMMA*
and|NN-NP-division
and|NNS-NP-Economists
and|NN-NP-music
and|NN-NP-coupe
or|JJ-ADJP-silly
meanwhile|DT-NP-the
and|JJ-ADJP-sinful
and|VP-VP-VP-*COMMA*-VBG-NP
and|NNS-NP-ledgers
so|VBP-VP-do
and|NN-NP-investment-bank
and|VBG-VP-promoting
and|NNS-NP-parks
and|JJ-UCP-major
before|RB-SBAR-even
or|VB-VP-undermine
and|NN-UCP-equity
and|NNS-NP-tracks
and|JJ-ADJP-bold
and|NNP-NP-Inuit
In fact|None
and|JJ-ADJP-insulting
and|NP-S-DT
either or|-LRB--PRN--LRB-
and|NNS-NP-novels
and|JJ-ADJP-ill-advised
and|NP-NP-NAC-NNP-NNP
and|NNS-NP-managers
and|NN-QP-yen
or|VP-VP-VB-ADVP-PP
and|NNS-NP-writers
AND|NNP-NP-PENSION
and|NN-QP-%
or|VP-VP-VB-ADVP
and|NN-NP-repression
and|NN-NP-roofing
and|NP-NP-DT-JJ-JJ-NN
and|NNP-NP-Alyce
and|JJ-NP-European
and|VBN-ADJP-cluttered
and|NNP-UCP-German
and|S-S-NP-``-VP
and|NNS-NP-options
and|NN-NP-showroom
or|JJR-ADJP-older
and|VP-VP-VBZ-PP
and|NNP-NP-Belmont
and|JJR-ADJP-more
and|NNS-NP-Competitors
and|NN-NP-input
but|JJ-ADJP-intact
as well|NP-NP-NP-PP
and|NNP-NP-Peugeot
and|NN-NP-MNC
and|JJ-ADJP-simple
and|''-S-'
and|NNP-NP-Bavaria
and|NNPS-NP-Telecommunications
and|CD-QP-12
and|NNS-NP-scientists
and|NN-NP-levamisole
and|NP-NP-JJ-NN
in turn|None
and|NN-NP-preference
and|NN-NP-purse
and|NN-NP-heart
earlier|DT-NP-an
Before|None
and|JJ-ADJP-intellectual
or|ADVP-UCP-RB
so|None
and|NN-NP-growth
and|NNS-NP-days
or|NP-NP-``-JJ-''-NNS
Likewise|None
and|JJ-ADJP-middle-income
as well|''-VP-''
and|NNS-NP-ships
and|NN-NP-Legislation
and|NP-NP-DT-ADJP-NN-NN-NN
and|NN-NP-professionalism
and|NN-NP-broadcasting
and|NN-NP-buying
If|None
and|NP-NP-DT-NN-NNS
either or|VBZ-VP-favors
and|''-S-''
and|NN-NP-paper
as well|ADVP-VP-RBR
and|NN-NP-earthquake
but|VP-UCP-VBN-NP
or|NP-NP-RB-DT-NN
and|NP-NP-DT-NAC-NNS-NN
and|NN-NP-discussion
and|NN-NP-management
or|CD-QP-30
for|ADVP-PP-IN-JJS
and|VP-VP-VBP-ADJP-PP-PP
and|NNS-NP-males
and|NN-NP-petrochemical
and|NN-NP-malaria
and|JJ-NP-large
and|NNS-NP-hours
and|NNP-NP-Aerospace
and|JJ-ADJP-self-righteous
whereas|None
but|NP-NP-NP-PP
and|VP-VP-VB-PRT-PP
and|NP-NP-NNP-NN
still|RBS-ADVP-most
after|RB-SBAR-shortly
and|VP-VP-VB-ADVP-FRAG
or|ADVP-ADVP-RB-JJR
and|NP-NP-DT-NNP-JJ-NN-NN
and|NP-NP-NNPS-*COMMA*-NNPS
or|CD-QP-six
and|VB-VP-introduce
and|NN-NP-steak
and|NN-NP-fund
or|VB-VP-close
and|JJ-ADJP-high
and|JJ-ADJP-flat
and|NN-NP-coercion
and|JJ-ADJP-commercial
and|NN-NP-mph
and|NP-NP-DT-JJ-NNP-NNP-NN
and|NNP-NP-Machinery
and|NNP-NP-Wright
before|None
and|NNS-NP-delays
but|PRN-S-*COMMA*-S-*COMMA*
and|JJ-ADJP-noble
as soon as|NP-VP-DT-NN
and|NNS-NP-T-bills
or|VB-VP-add
FOR|NNP-NP-WATCH
and|S-S-RB-VP
and|NNP-NP-Dixie
and|NNS-NP-consumers
and|NP-NP-DT-NNP-NN-NN
and|NNS-NP-revenues
and|NN-NP-record
and|NP-NP-DT-JJ-NNS-NN
and|NNS-NP-charities
and|NNP-NP-Saskatchewan
and|NP-NP-JJ-VBG-NN
and|NP-NP-CD-JJ-NNS
and|NNS-NP-claims
and|NN-NP-metabolism
and|JJ-ADJP-dangerous
and|RB-ADVP-vigorously
and|NP-NP-DT-ADJP-NNP-NN-NN
as a result|VBN-VP-diminished
but|VP-VP-TO-VP
or|NN-NP-sale
and|PP-PP-IN
and|S-S-NP-*COMMA*-PP-*COMMA*-VP
and|NP-NP-NP-NNPS-NNP-NNP
and|NN-NP-magazine
but|VP-VP-MD-RB-``-VP-''
and|VBN-VP-developed
later|NP-ADVP-CD-NN
but|NP-NP-NNP
or|VP-VP-VBN-NP
and|VBD-VP-urged
and|NP-NP-DT
and|JJ-NP-monetary
but|NP-NP-NP-PRN
or|VBN-VP-sold
and|NNS-NP-deductibles
and|JJ-ADJP-leading
or|JJ-ADJP-flat
and|NN-NP-camera
and|NNS-NP-radios
in contrast|NP-VP-NN
and|NNP-NP-Monopolies
but|ADJP-ADJP-RB-VBN
and|JJ-ADJP-Italian
and|VP-VP-VBZ-``-VP
and|NN-NP-newspaper
and|NNP-NP-Pete
before|NP-SBAR-QP-NNS
and|NP-NP-NNP-NNP-NNP
and|NNS-NP-capacitors
but|VP-VP-VBP-PRT-PP
and|NP-NP-NNP-NNP-NNS
and|NN-NP-negotiation
as if|NP-VP-JJ-NN-NNS
and|ADVP-ADVP-RBR
and|NP-PP-CD-NN
and|NNS-NP-adolescents
or|NNS-NP-blacks
before|NP-ADVP-DT-NN
still|*COMMA*-NP-*COMMA*
much as|NP-NP-NP-PP
and|NN-NP-moderation
and|NN-NP-gridiron
before|RB-PP-Just
and|VBD-VP-found
and|NP-NP-DT-CD-NNS
but|SBAR-SBAR-S
and|NP-NP-NAC-NNP-NNP-NNP
either or|VB-VP-request
and|JJ-ADJP-important
and|ADJP-UCP-JJ-PP-PP
before|IN-QP-as
and|NN-NP-language
and|NP-NP-NP-NNP-NNP
and|NNP-NP-National
and|VBZ-VP-scowls
next|NP-NP-DT-NN-POS
AND|NNP-NP-PUTS
and|VP-VP-VBD-PRT
and|VP-VP-TO-VP
as a result|NP-VP-JJ-NN-NNS
and|NNS-NP-reporters
and|VP-VP-VBZ-ADVP-PP-PP
and|NP-NP-NNS-CC-NN-NNS
or|NN-NP-abstinence
and|NP-NP-PRP$-NNS-NN
and|NNS-NP-bartenders
as well|*COMMA*-NP-*COMMA*
overall|NP-NP-NNP-POS
and|NN-NP-specialty
so|CC-S-and
and|NNS-NP-programmers
now that|CC-S-And
or|NNP-NP-Taurus
and|NN-NP-property
much as|IN-PP-by
or|VBN-VP-feared
and|NN-NP-stock
and|NP-NP-DT-JJS
and|VB-VP-copy
and|NN-UCP-auction
and|RB-ADVP-morally
and|NNP-NP-Nerds
and|VP-VP-VB-ADVP-PP
Conversely|None
as well|NP-NP-NP-CC-NP
and|NP-NP-NN-NN
and|NP-NP-NP-``-ADJP-NN-''
and|NNP-NP-P&G
and|NP-NP-NP-*COMMA*-NP-*COMMA*
as soon as|S-VP-VP
either or|VBP-VP-'re
meantime|DT-NP-the
and|NN-NP-record-keeping
as|*COMMA*-SBAR-*COMMA*
and|NP-NP-UCP-NN-NNS
either or|VBZ-VP-is
and|JJ-NP-current
later|CC-S-and
but|VP-VP-VB-NP
and|CD-QP-one
or|NP-NP-DT-ADJP-NN
and|NNP-NP-Alert
and|NNP-NP-Asilone
and|NN-NP-hamburger
as|JJ-QP-short
or|NNS-NP-employees
and|NN-NP-phone
and|NN-NP-Platinum
and|NNPS-NP-Protestants
and|NP-NP-CD-JJ-NN-NNS
and|VP-VP-ADVP-VBG-NP
Because|None
and|NNP-NP-Kennedy
and|NP-NP-NP-*COMMA*-NP-*COMMA*-PP-*COMMA*
and|NP-NP-NN-NN-NNP-NNP-CC-NNP
later|NP-ADVP-QP-NN
but|VP-VP-VBD-NP
and|VBD-VP-defrauded
and|NNP-NP-Harlan
and|VBN-VP-bought
and|NNP-NP-Bank
and|NN-NP-mail-order
neither nor|CC-S-But
next|RB-NP-later
and|NP-NP-DT-JJ-NNP-NNP-NN-NN
and|VP-VP-VBD-ADVP-PP
and|NN-NP-Digital
and|NN-NP-patent
or|JJ-ADJP-dual
as a result|PP-VP-TO-NP
and|JJ-ADJP-loose
as if|VBZ-VP-looks
and|NN-NP-quarter
and|NNP-NP-Baker
though|RB-ADVP-far
and|NP-NP-NNP-NNP-NNP-NNS
and|NN-NP-rise
and|NNS-NP-Traders
later|NN-NP-verdict
so|RB-ADVP-Not
and|NN-ADJP-insulation
and|IN-PP-during
and|NNS-NP-hospitals
and|VBN-ADJP-tangled
or|NNS-NP-words
and|NP-NP-CD-NN-NN-NNS
after|NP-PP-QP-NNS
separately|CC-ADVP-or
or|NN-NP-PG-13
In particular|None
and|JJ-ADJP-warm
as well|NP-NP-NNPS-CC-NNPS
and|NN-NP-devotion
but|JJ-ADJP-tragic
and|NP-NP-NP-*COMMA*-RB-NP-PP
and|NP-NP-VBN-NN
and|JJ-ADJP-ground-based
and|VP-VP-VB-PP-PRT-ADVP-SBAR
and|NN-NP-hospitalization
or|VP-VP-VBZ-NP-PP-SBAR
and|VP-VP-VBN-PRT-PP-ADVP-PRT-PP
and|JJ-NP-educational
or|NNS-NP-banks
though|ADVP-SBAR-JJ
and|NNS-NP-soaps
and|CC-NP-and
and|NNS-NP-Roads
and|JJ-NP-automotive
or|NN-NP-soda
but|S-S-NP-ADVP-VP
and|NN-NP-Refining
and|NP-NP-DT-NNP-NN-NN-NN
by comparison|VB-VP-paled
or|PP-PP-IN-PP
overall|``-NP-``
and|NNS-NP-metals
and|VP-VP-VBG-PP-PP
and|NNS-NP-Oils
but|PRN-S-*COLON*-ADJP-*COLON*
and|NNS-NP-Managers
and|NN-NP-board
and|NN-NP-startup
and|JJ-UCP-foreign-exchange
or|NN-NP-owner
and|NN-NP-college
and|NNP-NP-IBM
or|S-S-PP-*COMMA*-NP-VP
and|NN-NP-prospectus
and|NP-NP-NNP-NNP-FW-NNP-NNP
or|NNS-NP-racehorses
and|VB-VP-try
and|NN-NP-turbine
and|VP-VP-VB-ADVP
and|NN-NP-perestroika
or|NP-NP-DT-NN
and|NN-NP-hesitation
so that|PP-VP-IN
but|VP-VP-VBZ-NP-ADVP
and|JJ-NP-Israeli
and|CD-NP-1990-2002
and|NN-NP-scotch
and|NNP-NP-Tax
instead|CC-PP-but
and|JJ-ADJP-ill-conceived
or|NN-NP-buyer
and|NNP-NP-Livestock
and|NP-NP-DT-NNP-NNP-NNP-*COMMA*-NNP-NNP
as|ADVP-ADVP-RB-RB
and|NNP-NP-France
and|NN-NP-ambiguity
next|DT-NP-The
or|NN-ADJP-bankruptcy
In contrast|None
and|NNP-NP-March
and|JJ-ADJP-arbitrary
and|NN-ADJP-founder
as well|NP-NP-PRP$-JJ-NNS
and|VP-VP-VBD-PRT-NP-PP-NP
and|JJ-ADJP-fragile
as a result|VBN-VP-curtailed
and|NNS-NP-tables
and|JJ-NP-sprightly
and|SBARQ-SBARQ-``-WHNP-SQ-*COLON*
and|NNS-NP-defendants
plus|NP-NP-QP
and|VP-VP-VBZ-ADVP-VP
and|NNS-NP-pimps
and|NP-NP-DT-NNS-NN-NN
and|NN-NP-thickness
and|NNP-NP-Iron
further|None
and|NN-NP-gold
after|RB-SBAR-sometimes
but|NP-NP-DT-JJ-NN
and|NP-NP-JJ-``-NNS-POS
or|NNS-NP-investors
and|NN-NP-weight
and|NNS-NP-rumors
as well|CONJP-ADJP-RB-RB
or|NNP-NP-Bronco
much as|VB-VP-pollute
and|NN-NP-jazz
and|NNP-NP-Owners
and|NN-NP-salad
and|NNS-NP-microelectronics
and|NNP-NP-News
or|''-ADJP-''
and|JJ-ADJP-business-machines
or|NN-NP-image
rather|CC-NP-and
and|NN-UCP-consumer
and|NNS-NP-crews
and|NP-NP-PRP$-JJ-NN-NN
and|NNS-NP-financial-services
and|NN-NP-sweetness
while|DT-NP-the
and|VBZ-VP-looks
and|VB-VP-maintain
and|JJ-NP-unemployed
and|NN-NP-movie
or|VBZ-VP-expands
and|VBZ-VP-turns
and|JJ-ADJP-administrative
and|JJ-ADJP-first
as|QP-ADJP-PDT
and|JJ-ADJP-secure
and|CD-QP-150
and|NP-NP-NNP-NNP-NNP-NNPS
or|NX-NX-NNP
and|JJ-ADJP-private
and|NN-NP-consumer
and|NN-NP-refining
IF|None
for instance|*COMMA*-VP-*COMMA*
or|NN-NP-week
and|JJ-NP-financial
either or|IN-SBAR-that
and|NNP-NP-Walter
and|NN-NP-innovation
since|None
but|NN-NP-everybody
or|RBR-ADVP-sooner
and|NNP-NP-Press
and|JJ-ADJP-nice
and|NN-NP-food-service
and|NN-NP-competence
as well|NP-NP-NNP
and|NN-UCP-pharmaceutical
and|NNP-NP-Suez
and|NN-NP-counterpart
or|NP-NP-DT-NNP-CD-NN-NN
plus|NP-NP-$-CD
or|CD-NP-100
and|DT-NP-these
and|ADJP-ADJP-``-JJ-''
and|NNP-NP-Iran
and|VP-VP-VBP-PP-NP
Nonetheless|None
and|NN-NP-fungi
in addition|VBZ-VP-is
and|NNP-NP-Vienna
yet|ADJP-ADJP-RB-JJ
and|JJ-NP-double
and|NN-NP-party
and|NNS-NP-1970s
in the end|None
and|NNS-WHNP-parents
If then|``-S-``
in turn|NP-NP-DT-NNS
and|NNS-NP-investments
or|NN-NP-hospital
and|JJ-ADJP-retail
and|NNP-NP-Inquiry
and|NN-NP-machinery
or|CD-QP-20
or|NP-NP-NP-PP-PRN
and|JJ-WHADJP-wide
and|NP-NP-DT-NNS-NN-CC-NN
so|RBR-ADJP-more
and|NN-NP-timing
and|NNS-NP-agencies
and|VP-VP-VBN-NP-ADVP
and|NNS-NP-Congressmen
or|VBG-VP-beginning
in short|NP-NP-DT-ADJP-NN
but|PP-PP-IN-NP
and|NP-NP-DT-NNP-NNP-CC-NNP-NNP-NN-NN
further|JJ-NP-substantial
and|NN-NP-seating
and|NNS-NP-flaps
and|JJ-ADJP-helpless
and|VP-VP-VBD-PRT-NP-PP
and|NP-NP-DT-NNP-NNPS-NNP
or|*COLON*-NP-...
and|NP-NP-JJR-JJ-VBG-NNS
as a result|NP-VP-PRP$-NNS
and|NNS-NP-materials
or|NN-NP-telephone
and|NNS-NP-brokers
and|RB-ADVP-logically
Once|None
but|NP-NP-NP-NN
and|JJ-ADJP-diplomatic
after|NP-PP-CD-NN
but|NP-NP-QP
and|NN-NP-clearing
as well|VP-VP-TO-VP
or|SBAR-SBAR-S
Plus|NNP-NP-Scores
and|NNS-NP-dollars
or|NX-NX-NN
and|NN-NP-laxative
and|JJ-UCP-racial
and|NN-UCP-paper
and|JJR-ADJP-fairer
or|NP-NP-DT-NN-NNS
plus|NP-NP-NP-JJ-NN
as|QP-ADJP-CD-CC-CD-NNS
or|NN-NP-market
and|NN-NP-sweep
and|JJ-NP-permanent
plus|NP-NP-DT-NNP-CD-NN
and|NN-NP-Cost
but|JJ-ADJP-inefficient
because|ADVP-PP-RB
and|JJ-ADJP-coming
In the end|``-S-``
as soon as|VBG-VP-resigning
and|JJ-ADJP-cheap
and|NP-NP-VBN-NNS
and|NNS-NP-routes
and|NN-NP-background
and|NN-NP-faith
and|NN-NP-health
or|RB-ADVP-properly
and|NNP-NP-Ohio
and|NNS-NP-bureaucrats
and|JJ-ADJP-military
plus|NP-NP-NP-PP
and|ADJP-ADJP-RBR-JJ
and|NNS-NP-facilities
and|NN-NP-wine
and|NP-NP-NP-CD-NN
and|NNS-NP-murders
and|NNS-NP-greens
and|NNP-NP-Bradley
and|VP-VP-VBP-NP-PP
and|NP-NP-DT-NN-NN-NN
and|NP-NP-ADJP-NNS
and|VBZ-VP-raises
and|*COLON*-NP--
because|ADVP-SBAR-RB
or|VB-VP-match
and|NNS-NP-tornadoes
and|VP-VP-VBZ-ADVP-S
or|NN-NP-warning
and|JJ-ADJP-southern
and|NN-NP-broadcast
and|ADJP-ADJP-JJ-JJ
since|RB-SBAR-especially
and|JJ-NP-investment-grade
and|NN-NP-platinum
so that|RB-ADVP-enough
and|NN-NP-transfer
and|JJ-ADJP-insolvent
and|NNS-NP-leaders
In other words|None
and|NN-NP-repair
and|NN-NP-dishonesty
and|CD-NP-1970
and|JJ-UCP-Irish
and|NNP-NP-Pulp
as|RB-CONJP-gracefully
and|JJ-ADJP-Pakistani
but|VP-VP-``-VBP-''
and|NN-NP-union
and|VP-VP-VB-VP
and|NNPS-NP-Workers
by then|VBN-VP-repaired
Till|None
or|*COMMA*-NP-*COMMA*
as well|``-NP-``
and|VBP-VP-create
and|NP-NP-JJ-JJ-JJ-NNS
and|NN-NP-left
and|NNP-NP-Sunday
and|NP-NP-NP-*COLON*-CC-NP
and|VP-VP-VB-NP
then|CC-S-but
after|NP-SBAR-RB-DT-NN
and|JJ-NP-senior
and|NN-NP-rescue
and|NNS-NP-philosophers
and|VBZ-VP-designs
in addition|NP-VP-NP-PP
and|JJ-NP-congressional
and|NP-NP-QP-JJ-NNS
or|VBZ-VP-supports
nor|*COMMA*-S-*COMMA*
and|NNP-NP-Sound
and|JJ-ADJP-violent
and|NN-NP-evacuation
and|VP-VP-VBZ-NP-SBAR
thereby|None
or|NNS-NP-parallels
so|CC-VP-but
and|S-S-ADVP-VP
or|VP-VP-VBD-NP-PP
and|NNS-NP-films
and|NN-NP-fitness
and|VP-VP-VBZ-NP-ADVP
and|NNS-NP-Details
and|NNP-NP-Bill
as well|NP-VP-NP-PP
and|NNS-NP-knowns
or|JJ-ADJP-express
or|JJ-ADJP-senior
and|VP-VP-VBZ-S
and|NP-NP-NNP-NNP-NNP-NNP-NNP
before|RB-PP-long
and|NNP-NP-Stand
but|VP-VP-VBP-NP
now that|CC-S-But
and|NN-NP-continuous
and|NP-NP-JJR-JJ-NN
and|NN-UCP-movie
and|NN-NP-continuity
or|*COLON*-NP-NoName
and|NNS-NP-minivans
and|NN-NP-benefit
and|NN-NP-support
or|JJ-ADJP-local
and|NNS-NP-revisions
and|NN-NP-ownership
or|NNP-NP-Surrender
and|NN-NP-aircraft
or|JJ-ADJP-unwilling
or|JJ-ADJP-wooden
and|NNS-NP-brigades
and|NN-UCP-defense
and|JJ-ADJP-deceptive
and|RB-ADVP-fairly
either or|IN-PP-in
and|VP-VP-VBP-ADVP
and|NN-NP-law
so|RB-ADVP-quite
and|PP-PP-TO-NP
and|NNS-NP-interviews
and|JJ-ADJP-human
and|NP-NP-VBG-JJ-NN
as soon as|NP-VP-DT-NNS
and|IN-PP-up
before|NP-SBAR-NNS
or|VBG-VP-supporting
or|S-S-NP-VP
and|VP-VP-VBD-NP-ADVP
and|NP-NP-QP-NNS
or|NNS-NP-tops
and|NNP-NP-Security
and|NP-NP-NP-CC-NN
and|NN-NP-capitalist
and|NN-NP-carpeting
and|VP-VP-VBZ-S-''
and|NN-NP-paranoia
and|NNP-NP-Bogart
and|NNP-NP-Research
and|NNP-NP-Ms.
and|JJ-ADJP-depressing
and|``-NP-``
as|QP-ADVP-CD-NNS
and|JJ-UCP-federal
and|NN-NP-safety
so that|''-VP-''
and|VP-VP-VBD-NP
as|QP-ADJP-IN-CD-CD-NNS
Still|None
So|NONE_TREE
and|JJ-NP-interest-deferred
But|*COMMA*-S-*COMMA*
and|VBN-VP-clubbed
and|NNS-NP-Journalists
as|RB-ADJP-almost
and|NNP-NP-Fleischmann
Besides|None
and|NNP-NP-Pacific
and|NN-NP-conflict
and|NN-NP-hardwood
and|VP-VP-VBN-PRT-``-NP-''-PP
and|NP-NP-NP-CD-NNS
since|RB-ADVP-Ever
and|NP-NP-NP-CD-NNP
either or|NP-S-NNP-POS
and|NNS-NP-parents
and|NNS-NP-couriers
so|''-S-'
and|JJ-ADJP-legal
plus|*COLON*-NP---
or|''-S-''
and|NNS-NP-citizens
and|NN-NP-principal
and|NNS-NP-coups
and|NN-NP-meditation
and|NP-NP-PDT-DT-NNS
and|NN-ADJP-home
and|VBD-VP-requested
or|VP-VP-VBN-PRT-PP
and|NN-NP-ponderousness
much as|*COMMA*-VP-*COMMA*
and|NN-NP-upholstery
or|JJ-UCP-Austrian
and|DT-NP-A
and|NNP-NP-Erie
and|NNP-NP-HBO
and|NN-NP-lighting
and|NN-NP-residence
else|RB-NP-anywhere
Nevertheless|None
and|S-S-ADJP
then|RB-ADVP-Even
and|NN-NP-log
and|NNP-NP-Arizona
and|VP-VP-VBN-S
and|NN-NP-grain
and|VP-VP-VB-PRT
and|NNS-NP-soil-nutrients
and|NNS-NP-eggs
and|JJ-ADJP-complex
and|NNS-NP-forms
and|CD-NP-1911
and|ADJP-ADJP-ADJP-PP
and|NNS-NP-winds
and|JJ-ADJP-artsy
and|NNP-NP-Rock
and|ADJP-ADJP-RB-JJR
and|NP-NP-NP-NN-S
and|VP-VP-VBP-PP-PP-NP
and|NN-UCP-restaurant
either or|VB-VP-serve
or|VB-VP-replace
and|JJ-ADJP-low-priced
and|NN-NP-socialism
but|NN-NP-nothing
or|JJ-ADJP-financial
and|NN-NP-peace
and|NN-NP-exuberance
specifically|None
and|JJ-ADJP-Hispanic
and|NP-NP-VBG-NN-NN-NNS
as long as|*COMMA*-VP-*COMMA*
and|NNP-NP-Eastern
and|VBG-VP-creating
or|IN-ADVP-up
and|NNP-NP-Mountain
and|NNP-NP-Energy
and|NP-NP-DT-VBG-JJ-NN
AND|NNP-NP-BUSH
but|VP-VP-VBG-NP-SBAR
and|NN-NP-dizziness
or|JJ-ADJP-grotesque
before|CC-PP-or
and|NN-NP-convention
or|NNP-NP-Geraldo
else|RB-ADVP-anywhere
and|VBG-VP-smiling
as long as|PP-VP-IN-NP
and|NN-NP-mismanagement
or|NN-NP-mint
and|NN-NP-refrigerator
as a result|VBD-VP-doubled
and|NNS-NP-boaters
and|JJ-NP-money-transfer
and|VP-VP-VBD-S
and|NNP-NP-Halle
and|NN-NP-equity
and|NNPS-NP-Swiss
and|CD-NP-240
and|NNS-NP-politicians
and|NN-NP-magician
and|JJ-ADJP-regular
and|JJ-ADJP-strategic
and|NNS-NP-unions
and|RB-NP-now
and|VB-VP-construct
and|VP-VP-VBN-PRT-NP
but|NP-UCP-NP-*COMMA*-CONJP-NP
and|VBZ-VP-tests
and|JJS-ADJP-best
but|JJ-ADJP-well-meaning
and|NP-NP-NNP-NNP-NNP-NNP
or|NP-NP-NN
and|JJ-ADJP-patient
but|CD-QP-one
and|NN-NP-catalog
and|NP-UCP-CD
and|NP-UCP-JJ-NNS
before|NP-SBAR-DT-JJ-NNS
and|NNS-NP-chemists
and|''-NP-'
and|NN-NP-chairman
and|NN-NP-mart
and|VP-VP-``-VP-''
but|*COMMA*-PP-*COMMA*
Though|None
and|ADJP-ADJP-NP-JJ
or|NN-NP-cumin
or|NP-NP-PRP$-NN
yet|RB-ADJP-as
and|NNP-NP-Kinney
but|NP-NP-RB-RB-NNPS
and|NN-NP-auto
and|NNS-NP-offerings
after|RB-SBAR-Just
and|RB-ADVP-jointly
as|VBD-VP-were
and|IN-PP-by
and|NNP-NP-Terrorism
and|SBARQ-SBARQ-WHADVP-SQ
and|NNPS-NP-South
and|NNS-NP-polices
or|SBAR-SBAR-WHNP-S
or|NP-NP-RB
but|VP-VP-VBZ-NP-PP
and|IN-PP-within
but|VP-VP-VBZ-RB-NP
and|JJ-ADJP-Announced
and|NN-NP-pipe
and|CD-QP-400*COMMA*000
and|NP-NP-JJ-*COMMA*-JJ-JJ-NNS
and|NNP-NP-Index
and|VP-VP-VBN-NP-PP
and|S-S-NP-NP-VP
by contrast|None
yet|*COMMA*-S-*COMMA*
or|NNS-NP-rules
and|JJ-ADJP-long
and|CD-NP-2018
in addition|VBP-VP-are
and|PRN-VP-*COMMA*-S-*COMMA*
and|NNS-NP-retirees
as|RB-ADJP-nearly
and|NP-NP-DT-NNP-NNPS-NN
or|NP-NP-QP
and|VBG-VP-raping
and|NNS-NP-regulations
and|NNP-NP-Growth
so|VBP-VP-are
and|VP-VP-VBD-S-PP
or|PP-PP-TO-NP
and|NNS-NP-deficiencies
and|NP-NP-NP-NP
and|NN-NP-focus
If then|None
but|NP-NP-JJ-NN
and|JJ-ADJP-historic
or|NP-NP-NP-PP
and|NP-NP-NP-NN
and|JJ-ADJP-fast
and|VP-VP-VBD-NP-NP
and|VP-VP-VBP-NP
either or|''-NP-''
and|NN-NP-shark
and|NNP-NP-January
and|NN-NP-put
and|NN-NP-drug
or|JJ-ADJP-observed
previously|DT-NP-the
and|NNP-NP-Paper
or|NNS-NP-savings
and|VP-VP-NNS-NP
and|NNS-NP-bribes
and|NNS-NP-tires
and|CD-NP-2*COMMA*000
yet|VP-VP-VBD-RB-VP
so|CC-NP-or
and|NN-NP-understanding
and|NNS-NP-auto-sales
or|VP-VP-VBP
and|NNP-NP-Miner
and|*COMMA*-SINV-*COMMA*
further|JJ-NP-possible
and|NP-FRAG-CC-NP-CC-NP
and|VP-VP-VBN-VP
and|NN-NP-film
but|VP-VP-MD-VP
and|RB-ADVP-First
else|NN-NP-everybody
and|VP-VP-VBD-NP-PP
however|None
and|NNS-NP-allergies
or|CD-QP-1*COMMA*000
so|CC-UCP-or
and|JJ-UCP-administrative
and|JJ-ADJP-calm
or|NP-NP-JJ-NN
and|VP-VP-NN-NP
specifically|RBR-ADVP-more
and|NP-NP-DT-NNP-NNP-NNP-NNP-NNP
and|NN-NP-incompetence
and|CD-NP-30
Next|DT-NP-the
and|NNS-NP-rates
and|JJ-ADJP-three-month
or|NN-NP-officer
however|*COMMA*-ADJP-*COMMA*
and|NNP-NP-Bartlett
and|NNS-NP-1960s
plus|-LRB--PRN--LRB-
as long as|VBZ-VP-cares
if then|*COMMA*-VP-*COMMA*
much as|NP-VP-DT-NN
and|NNP-NP-London
and|CD-NP-35
after|NP-PP-RB-RB
and|JJ-NP-Third
and|NN-NP-CFC-11
and|JJ-ADJP-healthy
as soon as|``-VP-``
or|VBN-VP-bought
and|NN-ADJP-airport
and|VP-VP-VBD-ADJP-NP
and|NNS-NP-fees
and|NP-NP-DT-JJ-NN-S
or|CD-QP-eight
and|NN-NP-Pulp
indeed|None
and|NN-NP-laundry
before|NP-SBAR-DT-NN
and|JJ-NP-Spartan
and|NN-NP-credibility
as well|NP-VP-NP-NN
and|NNS-NP-Members
and|NP-NP-CD-NN-NN
as a result|PP-NP-IN-NP
simultaneously|CC-CONJP-but
and|VB-VP-combat
but|PP-PP-IN-``-NP-''
Also|None
and|NNS-NP-makers
and|CD-NP-1960s
or|JJ-ADJP-infected
further|RB-ADVP-much
and|NN-NP-railroad
and|NNS-NP-distributors
and|JJ-UCP-corporate
but|NP-NP-NN
further|DT-NP-the
and|PP-VP-IN-NP
On the other hand|None
in turn|*COMMA*-S-*COMMA*
and|JJ-ADJP-inky-brown
and|JJ-NP-strategic
or|NNP-NP-Tucson
though|*COMMA*-ADJP-*COMMA*
meanwhile|None
and|NX-NX-NN-NNS
and|VP-VP-VBD-SBAR
or|NN-NP-individual
and|VP-VP-NN-PRT-PP
either or|MD-VP-must
and|RB-ADVP-improperly
and|NP-NP-NN-NNP--RRB--NNP
so|PRN-S-*COMMA*-''-S-*COMMA*-``
and|NX-NX-NNS-NN
and|JJ-ADJP-monophonic
by comparison|ADJP-VP-JJ
or|NNS-NP-pictures
and|CD-QP-10
and|NN-NP-university
or|VP-VP-ADVP-VBN
and|NN-NP-honesty
as if|VB-VP-behave
or|IN-ADVP-in
and|S-S-ADVP-*COMMA*-SBAR-*COMMA*-NP-VP
and|JJ-ADJP-corporate-finance
Next|DT-NP-a
and|NN-NP-law-enforcement
and|JJ-ADJP-fat
or|RB-ADVP-rightly
and|VP-VP-VBP-S
and|VP-VP-VBZ-ADVP
when|RB-WHADVP-precisely
and|JJ-ADJP-cold
or|NNS-NP-injuries
and|NN-WHNP-savings
and|NN-NP-trade
and|VP-VP-NNS-PRT-NP
and|NP-NP-DT-NNP-NNP-CC-NNP-NNP
or|VP-VP-VBG-S
or|NP-NP-CD-NN
and|NNS-NP-tans
for|RB-PP-not
and|VP-VP-VBN-ADVP
and|VBN-VP-involved
and|NN-NP-taste
and|NNS-NP-promotions
and|NN-NP-processing
and|NNS-NP-armadillos
and|NNS-NP-parties
or|VBP-VP-own
and|NN-NP-rubber
and|JJ-ADJP-well-trained
but|VP-VP-VBD-PP-PP-PRN
and|JJ-UCP-political
and|JJ-ADJP-nutritional
and|NN-NP-revenue
or|NNS-NP-exchanges
and|NNS-NP-labels
and|NNP-UCP-Berkeley
or|NP-NP-NNP-POS
as|RB-PP-well
and|NNS-NP-hugs
as|RB-CONJP-far
further|JJ-NP-stimulating
as soon as|VB-VP-begin
and|NNS-NP-institutions
and|NNS-NP-Shrubs
and|NNS-NP-planes
and|PRN-NP-*COMMA*-S-*COMMA*
and|JJ-ADJP-good-natured
and|NP-NP-JJ-NNP-NNS
as|NP-SBAR-DT-JJ-JJ-NNS
and|NNS-NP-railroads
or|NNS-NP-sales
and|NN-NP-sociologist
but|''-S-''
and|NNP-NP-Corruption
and|ADJP-ADJP-RB-JJ
and|NP-NP-NNP-POS
and|NP-NP-NP-PP-ADVP
either or|VBP-VP-operate
after|NP-PP-JJ-NNS
as well|NP-NP-DT-NNP-NNP-CC-NNP-NNS
or|NP-NP-NP-ADJP
or|NNPS-NP-Banks
and|NNP-NP-Cranston
but|PRN-S-*COLON*-S
then|RB-ADVP-even
and|JJ-ADJP-moderate
and|NNS-NP-acquisitions
and|NNS-NP-ideologues
and|NN-NP-use
and|NNP-NP-Kelly
and|NNS-NP-overalls
and|NP-UCP-RBR-DT-NN
so|VBD-VP-did
and|VP-VP-VB-PP-PP-NP
or|PP-PP-IN-NP
but|VBN-ADJP-settled
and|NP-NP-DT-NNS-NN
and|NNS-NP-conspirators
and|NN-NP-cash
in contrast|*COMMA*-S-*COMMA*
or|VP-VP-VBD-SBAR
and|NN-NP-anxiety
but|*COLON*-VP-NoName
and|ADJP-UCP-NP-JJ
and|NNS-NP-feet
for instance|NP-S-NP-*COMMA*-VP-*COMMA*
and|NNS-NP-Individuals
and|VP-VP-VBD-PRT-''
and|NP-NP-NNP-NNP-NN-NN-NNP-NNP-NNP
and|NP-NP-PRP$-JJ-NN-NN-NN
and|JJ-NP-legal
and|NP-NP-JJR-NN-NNS
as a result|NP-VP-NP-PP-PRN
plus|NP-NP-CD-NNS
and|NNP-NP-Mazda
either or|NP-VP-DT-NNS
and|NN-NP-printing
earlier|VBN-NP-alleged
as well|NP-NP-NP-JJ-NN-CC-NN-NNS
and|VBP-VP-need
as a result|None
and|NN-NP-plant
and|NNP-NP-Casey
or|NP-NP-DT-JJ-CD-NNS
before|NP-PP-DT-NN
and|NN-NP-hat
and|NN-NP-licensing
and|NN-NP-apparel
and|VP-VP-VBG-PRT
when|RB-WHADVP-especially
and|NNP-NP-Ukraine
then|CC-VP-and
and|NP-NP-PRP$-VBN-NNS
and|NNS-NP-Soldiers
in fact|*COMMA*-VP-*COMMA*
and|NNS-NP-repairs
and|NN-NP-dust
and|NN-NP-budgeting
and|NP-NP-DT-NN-POS
as an alternative|NP-VP-DT-NN-NN
or|VP-VP-VB-PP
and|NNP-NP-Waite
If then|``-VP-``
and|NNPS-NP-Machinists
and|JJ-ADJP-bright
in other words|*COMMA*-S-*COMMA*
in fact|VBP-VP-have
or|NNS-NP-ghosts
and|NNS-NP-women
and|NNS-NP-paintings
as if|*COMMA*-S-*COMMA*
or|NN-UCP-state
and|JJ-NP-municipal
and|NNP-NP-Eurocom
as|JJ-QP-litle
and|NN-NP-rolling-steel
and|JJ-ADJP-obsolete
so|CC-PP-and
or|NN-NP-ticket
and|VBD-VP-overpaid
or|NN-NP-spy
in contrast|VBD-VP-was
and|NN-NP-wage
and|JJ-ADJP-once-sporadic
earlier|NP-NP-NNP-NNP-POS
as|QP-ADJP-CD-NNS
and|VBD-VP-arose
and|RB-ADVP-Glamorous
and|JJ-ADJP-fast-moving
and|SBAR-NP-WHADVP-S
as|ADVP-PP-RBR
Hence|None
and|NNS-NP-ups
and|NN-NP-charisma
and|NN-NP-drilling
or|VBG-VP-blocking
and|NNP-NP-Estate
and|NN-NP-rice
and|WRB-WHADVP-when
and|NX-NX-NN-S
and|VBG-VP-womanizing
still|RB-ADVP-Even
and|JJ-ADJP-Cuban
and|NN-NP-poverty
and|NN-NP-software
or|NN-NP-health
either or|MD-VP-'d
and|NN-NP-jacket
and|VB-VP-bankroll
and|VP-VP-VB-SBAR
and|NN-NP-travel
and|NNS-NP-bonuses
and|NN-NP-rent
and|NP-NP-JJ-CC-JJ-NNS
and|PP-PP-IN-NP
and|JJ-ADJP-appalling
and|NN-NP-Energetic
and|NNS-NP-haunts
once|ADVP-PP-RB
and|NP-NP-NP-*COLON*-NP-*COMMA*-ADJP-*COMMA*-CD
and|JJS-ADJP-fastest
or|JJ-ADJP-economic
or|JJ-ADJP-old
and|JJ-ADJP-cheery
and|NNP-NP-Avenue
and|NN-NP-crew-rest
and|PP-S-IN-NP
and|VP-VP-VBD-``-ADJP-''-PP
and|JJ-ADJP-genuine
as|QP-ADJP-JJR-IN-RB
and|CD-QP-500*COMMA*000
or|NN-NP-milk
or|VBN-VP-moved
and|JJ-NP-human-rights
and|VB-VP-own
and|JJ-NP-foreign
but|*COMMA*-FRAG-*COMMA*
and|VP-VP-VB-ADJP-PP
and|``-VP-``
and|NNS-NP-teachers
and|VB-VP-produce
and|NN-NP-disease
and|NX-NX-NP-*COLON*-NAC-NNP
and|NNS-NP-gentleladies
and|NNP-NP-Bush
and|NNP-NP-Spain
and|NN-NP-workstation
much as|IN-PP-near
and|VP-VP-VB-S
so|ADVP-ADVP-PDT-DT-JJR
and|NN-NP-quality
and|NP-NP-NN-NNS
and|NP-NP-DT-ADJP-NN-NN
and|S-NP-VP
and|NNS-NP-advantages
and|NN-NP-water
and|S-S-S-*COMMA*-IN-S
as well|VB-VP-rebound
and|NN-NP-trust
and|NNS-NP-extensions
and|NN-NP-violence
if|ADJP-ADJP-JJ-S
and|NP-NP-DT-``-NN-''-NN
and|NN-NP-debris
or|VP-VP-VBD-PRT-NP
and|ADVP-VP-RB
much as|IN-PP-of
and|NN-NP-annuity
and|JJ-ADJP-electric
and|ADVP-UCP-IN
and|NNS-NP-birds
and|JJ-ADJP-senior
and|NP-NP-NNP-NNP-NN-NNS
and|JJ-NP-cellular
as well|ADJP-VP-RB-JJ
and|NNS-NP-resignations
or|NN-NP-buy-out
next|PRP$-NP-his
and|NP-NP-JJ-JJ-NN-NNS
and|NNS-NP-homes
now that|None
and|NNP-NP-Minnesota
and|JJ-ADJP-necessary
and|RB-ADVP-individually
and|RB-ADVP-literally
Meanwhile|None
and|VP-VP-MD-ADVP-VP
and|VP-VP-VB-NP-PRT
when|RB-WHADVP-even
either or|NP-S-DT-NN
and|JJ-ADJP-internal
earlier|DT-NP-the
later|NP-ADVP-DT-NN
then|*COMMA*-VP-*COMMA*
and|NN-NP-relevancy
and|NN-NP-director
and|NN-NP-blending
still|CC-CONJP-but
and|NN-NP-Investment
after|NP-SBAR-DT-JJ-NN
or|NP-NP-CD
and|JJR-ADJP-larger
or|VBG-VP-consolidating
and|VB-VP-consider
or|JJR-ADJP-safer
and|NNS-NP-edges
and|NNP-NP-Housing
and|NNP-NP-Coke
and|JJR-ADJP-less
but|ADVP-ADVP-JJ-PP
and|NP-NP-DT-NNPS-NN
or|NP-NP-NP-ADVP
ultimately|CC-ADJP-and
and|VP-VP-VB-NP-PP-PP
and|NN-NP-wire
for example|*COMMA*-S-*COMMA*
and|JJ-ADJP-mildewy
as well|NP-NP-NP-*COMMA*-SBAR
after|NP-SBAR-DT-NN
or|CD-QP-6
For|None
and|NNS-NP-deficits
either or|VBD-VP-lacked
and|NN-NP-Computer
or|NP-NP-JJ-``-NN-*COMMA*-''
either or|VBN-VP-included
and|NNP-NP-Lyphomed
earlier|PRP$-NP-their
as a result|NP-NP-NNS
and|NN-NP-dictating
either or|VB-VP-be
and|NN-NP-friend
and|NNP-NP-Helms
and|NNS-NP-suppliers
and|CD-NP-1980
but|*COMMA*-SBAR-*COMMA*
and|CD-NP-1982
and|NNS-NP-mergers
as soon as|None
and|CD-NP-1985
and|CD-NP-1986
and|CD-NP-1987
and|CD-NP-1988
and|CD-NP-1989
overall|PRP$-NP-your
if and when|VBP-VP-are
and|NN-NP-compensation
and|JJ-ADJP-Alaskan
and|JJ-ADJP-flexible
as well|PP-PP-TO-NP
alternatively|None
as|JJ-QP-many
and|NNS-NP-firefighters
and|VBG-VP-selling
and|JJ-ADJP-pretty
and|VP-VP-VBD-NP-PP-NP
and|NP-NP-DT-NNP-NN
and|NNS-NP-coupons
and|JJR-ADJP-deeper
so|RB-ADJP-nearly
and|NNS-NP-weeks
and|NN-NP-pro-
as soon as|PP-VP-IN-NP
indeed|CC-NP-and
and|NP-NP-JJ-NNS-NN-NNP-NNP
and|NN-NP-life
and|NN-NP-developer
or|RB-ADVP-partly
and|NN-NP-brewer
so|''-S-''
and|VP-VP-VBG-PRT-NP
further|NP-NP-NNP-NNP-POS
and|NNS-NP-writedowns
and|NNS-NP-mains
and|NNP-NP-Victor
and|NNP-NP-Securities
much as|VB-VP-spend
and|NNS-NP-researchers
or|NN-NP-drama
and|NN-NP-gas
and|NN-NP-mail
and|NP-NP-NNS-NNS
in short|NP-NP-NN
and|NNP-NP-Express
so that|IN-PP-for
and|NNS-NP-secrets
and|NNS-NP-shovels
and|JJ-NP-third
so|VBZ-VP-is
instead|MD-VP-might
and|NNP-NP-Treasury
and|JJ-ADJP-bluesy
and|NNS-NP-comets
and|NP-NP-NP-*COMMA*-NP-*COMMA*-PP
Until|None
and|NNP-NP-Mozart
and|JJ-ADJP-careless
and|ADJP-ADJP-ADJP-*COMMA*-ADJP
or|JJ-ADJP-moral
and|JJ-ADJP-emotional
and|VBG-NP-lying
or|NNS-NP-rebates
and|JJ-UCP-Japanese
and|NNS-NP-Hoses
Furthermore|None
as well|NP-NP-NP-JJ-NN-NN-NN
and|NNP-NP-Drug
and|VBG-ADJP-dying
and|JJ-ADJP-electrical
and|CD-QP-two
and|JJ-ADJP-coated
or|NN-NP-favor
before|IN-PP-that
and|NNS-NP-Nerds
and|NN-NP-plumbing
and|JJ-ADJP-costly
plus|DT-NP-a
and|NNP-NP-Interviu
thus|CC-NP-and
until|RB-SBAR-only
but|JJ-ADJP-intense
else|NN-NP-somebody
and|JJ-ADJP-young
nor|NN-NP-skin
or|NN-NP-year
and|NN-NP-perjury
or|NN-NP-competition
and|NNS-NP-lists
and|JJ-ADJP-207
or|VBN-VP-sweetened
and|NN-NP-owner
and|NN-NP-debt
or|NN-NP-referendum
and|NN-NP-manufacturing
and|JJ-ADJP-municipal
and|VP-VP-ADVP-VBG
Later|None
and|NNS-NP-tie-ins
and|NNP-NP-Boeing
and|VP-VP-ADVP-VBN
or|NP-NP-NP-PP-PP
earlier|DT-NP-The
and|VBN-ADJP-imported
so|RB-ADJP-quite
Afterwards|None
and|NN-NP-interpretation
and|JJ-ADJP-presidential
and|NP-NP-CD-NN-NN-NN-NNS
and|NNS-NP-creditors
simultaneously|RB-ADVP-Almost
and|VBG-NP-franchising
and|NNP-NP-MasterCard
and|NNP-NP-Dame
and|''-NP-''
though|``-S-``
and|NNS-NP-principals
and|JJ-ADJP-shy
Except|None
and|NP-NP-QP-JJ-NN-NNS
and|NP-NP-NNP-NNP-NN-NNP-NNP
and|NN-NP-cedar
much as|NP-S-NN-NNS
and|NNS-NP-concessions
and|NN-NP-airline
earlier|NN-NP-year
or|VBN-VP-acquired
before|RB-SBAR-long
and|JJ-ADJP-honest
and|NNS-NP-necks
and|NNS-NP-coatings
and|NNP-NP-MCA
further|NP-ADVP-DT-NN
and|NNS-NP-Sales
and|NN-NP-interest
and|NNP-NP-Malcolm
and|*COLON*-VP-'
and|NNP-NP-Richard
and|NNP-NP-Moscow
but|NN-NP-anything
and|NN-NP-employer
and|NP-NP-NNP-NNP-CC-NNP-NNP
and|JJ-UCP-Asian
as well|VBG-VP-referring
and|JJ-ADJP-happy
and|NN-NP-retailing
or|VB-VP-buy
and|JJ-ADJP-chicanery
and|NX-NX-NNP
and|NX-NX-NNS
and|NN-UCP-metal
and|NN-NP-employee
and|ADVP-ADVP-NP-RB-PP
and|NNS-NP-teams
and|NN-NP-angina
and|NP-NP-CD-JJ-JJ-NNS
and|NN-NP-smoke
and|JJ-ADJP-hasty
and|NN-NP-coffee
further|VBD-VP-was
and|NP-NP-DT-CD-JJ-NN
and|VP-VP-ADVP-VBZ-NP
and|VBN-VP-wounded
and|VP-UCP-VBN
and|NNP-NP-Agriculture
and|NNP-NP-State
and|NP-NP-NP-*COMMA*-CD
and|*COMMA*-S-*COMMA*
and|RB-ADVP-busily
and|NNP-NP-Seita
as well|NP-NP-JJ-NNS
and|NNP-NP-Ford
and|VB-VP-buckle
and|NP-NP-DT-JJ-NNP-NNPS-NN
and|None
and|RP-PRT-over
So|None
and|NN-NP-pulse
and|''-VP-''
next|None
and|NNS-NP-personnel
earlier|DT-NP-that
and|RB-ADVP-slowly
as a result|NP-NP-NN-NN
and|NN-NP-winter
and|JJ-ADJP-vibrant
and|NNPS-NP-Moslems
as|RB-CONJP-often
and|NNS-NP-tasks
and|ADJP-ADJP-ADVP-VBN-PP
and|CD-QP-3.80
and|NN-NP-project
much as|None
and|JJ-ADJP-pro-Reagan
either or|*COLON*-NP---
and|JJ-ADJP-quick
and|NP-NP-NP-*COMMA*-NP-*COMMA*-NP-CC-NP
and|NP-NP-DT-JJ-JJ-VBG-NN-NNP-NNP-NNP-NNP
or|NN-NP-satisfaction
and|NNP-NP-7A
and|*COLON*-S---
Next|NNPS-NP-People
rather|CC-NP-but
thus|None
and|NN-NP-culture
and|NNS-NP-oils
and|JJ-ADJP-correct
or|DT-NP-all
as if|*COMMA*-VP-*COMMA*
or|*COMMA*-ADVP-*COMMA*
and|PP-PP-JJ-IN-PP
and|S-S-S-*COMMA*-VP
or|JJ-ADJP-stupid
and|JJ-NP-out-of-repair
and|VB-VP-chew
or|VB-VP-give
before|RB-PP-Even
and|NNS-NP-dips
and|NN-NP-electricity
and|NP-NP-VBG-NN-NNS
and|JJ-ADJP-prolonged
and|NN-NP-milk
but|JJ-ADJP-unlikely
as long as|VB-VP-read
and|VBN-VP-trained
and|JJ-ADJP-positive
and|NNP-NP-Co.
or|NP-NP-DT-NNP-NNP
as well|NP-NP-DT-NN-NN
and|NNS-NP-pleadings
and|NN-UCP-banking
later|None
and|NP-NP-ADJP-NN-NN
or|NN-NP-member
and|NP-NP-JJ-CD
and|NP-NP-DT-JJ-ADJP-JJ-NN
either or|IN-PP-by
and|JJ-ADJP-13-week
and|VBN-VP-feasted
and|NN-NP-dignity
and|JJ-ADJP-well-known
or|VP-VP-VBG-ADVP
and|VP-VP-NNS
so|RB-ADVP-not
and|NP-NP-VBG
and|JJ-ADJP-tried
and|JJ-ADJP-due
and|S-S-NP-*COMMA*-SBAR-*COMMA*-VP
and|NN-NP-wheat
as well|NP-NP-NN
either or|NP-S-EX
and|NNS-NP-affairs
and|NNS-NP-tours
and|NN-NP-theatrical
or|VP-VP-VBZ-PP
and|NNS-NP-lines
and|JJ-ADJP-dual
and|JJ-ADJP-difficult
and|VP-VP-VBP-PRT-NP
and|CD-QP-four
and|NN-ADJP-availability
and|NN-NP-depreciation
and|NN-NP-mortgage
and|VP-VP-VBD-``-NP-''
and|NP-NP-DT-NNP-NNP-NN
or|NN-NP-bank
and|NN-NP-formulation
and|PP-PP-IN-S
and|NN-NP-Business
and|RB-ADVP-bitterly
and|NNS-NP-grants
now that|CC-SBAR-and
or|NNP-NP-Panama
Or|None
and|NN-NP-purchase
and|NN-NP-forest
and|NX-NX-NNP-NNPS
and|NN-NP-brutality
and|NNS-NP-restaurants
and|VP-VP-NN-PP
and|NN-NP-store
and|JJ-ADJP-systematic
and|VBN-VP-pooled
and|NNP-NP-Health
and|CD-NP-five
or|NN-NP-anxiety
but|VP-VP-VBP-NP-PP
and|NN-QP-bid
and|JJ-ADJP-reasonable
much as|VBN-VP-made
and|NN-NP-president
or|*COLON*-ADJP---
and|JJ-NP-institutional
but|PRN-S-*COMMA*-''-S-*COMMA*-``
and|RB-ADVP-longer
if|RB-SBAR-only
Yet|``-S-``
and|VP-VP-VB-NP-ADVP
as well|ADVP-VP-RB
AND|NN-NP-LIVESTOCK
or|NP-UCP-NP-PP
and|NN-NP-man
and|NN-NP-shape
or|VP-VP-VBG-PRT-NP
and|NNS-NP-fasteners
as|QP-ADJP-RB-RB
or|FRAG-FRAG-ADJP
and|JJ-NP-lower-level
and|ADVP-UCP-DT-RP
and|JJ-ADJP-painted
and|NP-NP-NNP-NNPS-JJ
plus|*COMMA*-NP-*COMMA*
or|NN-NP-today
and|NNP-NP-Globe
for instance|*COMMA*-NP-*COMMA*
and|ADJP-ADJP-NN-VBN
and|NN-NP-rail
or|VP-UCP-VBN-PP
and|NNS-NP-airports
and|NNS-NP-fabricators
as well|PRT-VP-RP
or|JJ-NP-hydraulic
and|NNPS-NP-Systems
and|JJ-NP-industrial
and|VP-VP-VBD-RB-ADVP-VP
otherwise|None
or|NP-NP-PRP
or|NP-NP-NP-NN
and|NN-NP-luxury
as a result|VBD-VP-improved
and|NNP-NP-European
and|NNS-NP-companies
but|VP-VP-VBD-NP-ADVP-NP
and|JJ-ADJP-glass-making
and|NP-NP-DT-NNP-NNP-NNS-NN
or|VP-VP-VB
and|JJ-ADJP-Euromarket
and|CD-QP-2*COMMA*520
and|NNP-NP-Saab
as soon as|CC-S-But
or|VP-VP-``-VBD-''
but|VP-VP-VBP-RB-VP
and|ADJP-NP-RB-VBN
or|VB-VP-relocate
and|RB-ADVP-innately
and|NNP-NP-Rise
because|RB-SBAR-mainly
and|NN-NP-profile
for instance|*COMMA*-PRN-*COMMA*
or|JJ-ADJP-British
and|VBP-VP-write
and|VB-VP-grow
and|NP-NP-JJ-NN-NN-NN-NNS
and|NP-NP-NNP-NNS
and|NP-NP-NNP-NN-NN-NNP-NNP
and|NP-NP-NNP-NNP
and|NNS-NP-officials
and|JJ-ADJP-greedy
as a result|NP-VP-PRP
and|CD-QP-14
and|NN-NP-refrigeration
or|NP-NP-ADJP-JJ-NNS
and|CD-NP-1993
and|CD-NP-1992
and|NN-NP-room
and|CD-NP-1990
and|NNS-NP-debentures
or|VB-VP-postpone
in short|NP-NP-DT-NN
and|JJ-UCP-pro
then|ADVP-S-RB
and|NN-NP-home
and|JJ-UCP-asset-backed
and|NP-NP-NNP-NNP-NNPS-NNP
and|NP-NP-NP-*COMMA*-ADVP-NP-*COMMA*
and|NN-NP-improvement
but|NP-NP-NNS
and|S-S-NP-*COMMA*-ADVP-*COMMA*-VP
and|VP-VP-VBD-PRT-PP-ADVP
and|NNS-NP-banks
and|NNP-NP-AEG
and|NP-NP-NNP-.-NNP-CC-NNPS-NNP
and|NN-NP-beef
and|VB-VP-re-evaluate
also|None
and|VP-VP-VBP-ADJP-PP
and|NNP-NP-Walkmen
and|NNP-NP-Roderick
and|NN-NP-computer
AND|NNP-NP-DALLAS
and|NP-NP-NP-PP-S
and|NN-NP-investment
and|NP-NP-DT-JJ-NNP-NNP-NNP
and|JJS-ADJP-biggest
and|VP-VP-VBD-PRT-SBAR
plus|None
and|NNP-NP-Blazer
and|NN-NP-beer
and|NNP-NP-Rich
and|JJ-ADJP-rose-gold
and|NNP-NP-Quebec
and|NN-NP-mom
and|NNPS-NP-Carolinas
and|NP-NP-NP-ADJP-JJ-NN
or|NN-NP-credit
and|NN-NP-unit
and|NNP-NP-Wednesday
and|VBZ-VP-buys
since|IN-ADVP-from
and|VP-VP-VBZ-NP-*COMMA*-SBAR
And|NNP-NP-Grains
now that|ADJP-VP-JJ
and|JJ-ADJP-bare
either or|None
or|CD-UCP-21
and|NNS-NP-pounds
and|ADVP-ADVP-ADVP-PP
and|NP-UCP-NNS-CC-NNS
and|NP-NP-NNP-NN-NNP-NNP-NNP
and|NNS-NP-senators
and|NNS-NP-courts
in particular|NP-VP-NP-PP
and|VP-VP-VBD-ADVP-NP
and|NNP-NP-Rockefeller
and|NN-NP-bank
and|JJ-UCP-individual
and|NNS-NP-pensions
and|NP-NP-NN-NN-NNP-NNP
and|NN-NP-dementia
and|NNPS-NP-Rules
and|VP-VP-VBP-ADJP
as|NP-PP-DT-JJ-NN
and|NN-NP-psyllium
as a result|''-VP-''
and|NN-NP-remodeling
and|NN-NP-cinema
and|NP-NP-NNP-NNP-NNPS
and|NN-NP-pettiness
and|VBG-NP-marketmaking
but|JJ-ADJP-decent
and|NNS-NP-programs
next|RB-NP-sometime
and|VBN-VP-pilloried
and|NNS-NP-methodologies
and|VBG-VP-disarming
or|ADJP-ADJP-ADJP-PP
and|JJ-ADJP-hard-charging
and|NNP-NP-Roberts
and|NNS-NP-flows
and|ADJP-ADJP-JJ-CONJP-JJ
and|PP-PP-TO-``-NP-''
and|NP-NP-DT-NNPS
as|JJ-QP-slow
or|VBN-VP-spread
or|NN-UCP-mining
or|NP-NP-JJ-NNS
but|*COMMA*-ADVP-*COMMA*
later|NP-ADVP-CD-NNS
but|NP-NP-DT-NN
and|JJ-ADJP-economic
and|NN-NP-boredom
neither nor|NP-S-DT-NNPS
and|NNS-NP-cameras
and|NP-NP-QP-PRP$-NN
or|NNPS-NP-Contras
and|NNP-NP-Malaysia
as well|NP-NP-PRP$-NN
either or|*COLON*-NP-*COLON*
and|VP-VP-VBZ-``-NP-''-PP
so|RB-ADVP-much
if|NP-SBAR-NNP-CD
and|JJ-NP-proxy-solicitation
and|NNS-NP-listeners
and|VP-VP-VBZ-NP-NP
and|VP-VP-VBZ-NP-PRT-PP
and|JJ-ADJP-tanned
or|NN-NP-purchase
and|NN-NP-Paper
and|JJ-ADJP-public
or|IN-PP-of
but|VP-VP-VB-PP
and|NX-NX-NNPS
and|NN-NP-cost-cutting
or|*COMMA*-S-*COMMA*
and|*COLON*-PP---
and|ADVP-ADVP-RB-PP
and|NP-NP-DT-CD-JJ-NNP-NNS
and|NN-NP-song
and|NP-NP-JJ-NN-NNS
and|NN-NP-%
as if|VBZ-VP-'s
and|NNS-NP-pros
and|JJ-NP-property-
and|VB-VP-expand
and|CD-NP-10
Further|None
later|NP-ADVP-NN
and|NNS-NP-Futures
and|NN-NP-profit
and|NN-NP-anger
AND|NNS-NP-GRAINS
as well|PP-VP-IN-NP
and|JJ-UCP-marine
Specifically|None
and|NN-NP-filing
but|NP-NP-NP-SBAR
and|NNP-UCP-Pentagon
Earlier|None
and|NP-NP-NP-PP-PP-PP-*COLON*-NP
but|ADJP-UCP-RB-RB-PP
or|NNS-QP-cents
but|ADJP-ADJP-ADJP-PRN-*COMMA*-ADJP-PRN-*COMMA*-CC-ADJP
and|NNP-NP-Visa
and|JJ-ADJP-old
and|JJ-NP-consumer-products
and|VP-VP-VBD-ADVP-PP-S
and|JJ-ADJP-Japanese
and|NP-NP-NNP-CC-NNP-NNP
and|NN-WHNP-interest
and|NNP-NP-Sylvia
and|NNS-NP-questions
or|VBG-VP-raising
and|NP-NP-JJ-NNS-NN
and|JJ-ADJP-detailed
after|RB-SBAR-even
after|NP-PP-DT-JJ-NNS
or|PRN-S-*COMMA*-''-S-*COMMA*-``
and|NN-NP-falseness
and|S-S-NP-ADVP-VP
then|*COLON*-VP---
after|ADVP-PP-RB
and|JJ-ADJP-diverse
or|NNP-NP-Renault
and|NNS-NP-hearts
and|ADVP-UCP-RBR-PP
and|NNP-NP-Louis
and|VP-VP-ADVP-VBD-NP
and|JJ-ADJP-wiry
because|RB-ADVP-Primarily
and|NN-UCP-office
and|NN-NP-capacity
and|NNS-NP-carriers
in turn|VBZ-VP-has
and|NP-NP-NP-PP
and|JJ-ADJP-liberating
and|JJ-ADJP-compensatory
and|NN-NP-lead
and|NN-NP-bread
and|NNS-NP-originations
and|NNS-NP-Democrats
or|VBD-VP-fled
and|NP-NP-NN-NN-NNS
and|NP-NP-NN-CC-JJ-NN-NNS
and|VB-VP-regroup
else|NN-NP-someone
plus|CD-QP-1*COMMA*026.46
and|NNP-NP-Taylor
and|NN-NP-rum
yet|None
and|NNP-NP-Stores
and|NNS-NP-quakes
and|NP-NP-DT-NAC-NNS-CC-NN-NN
or|S-S-NP-ADVP-VP
and|NNP-NP-Jeff
and|NN-NP-drunkenness
and|NNS-NP-tones
though|RB-SBAR-Even
or|VP-VP-ADVP-VB-NP
and|VBP-VP-treat
and|JJ-ADJP-long-term
and|JJ-ADJP-residential
or|NN-NP-power
and|NN-UCP-bond
and|*COMMA*-ADVP-*COMMA*
and|NP-NP-DT-ADJP-NN-NNS
and|VP-VP-PP-VB-NP
and|NNP-NP-World
and|NN-NP-rye
and|NP-NP-NP-PP-NP
and|JJ-NP-secretive
or|NN-NP-product
and|VP-VP-VBD-ADVP-S
yet|RB-ADVP-not
and|NP-UCP-NN-CD
and|NNS-NP-items
and|NN-NP-critic
and|NNS-NP-creators
and|NN-NP-pulp
and|VP-VP-VBP-ADVP-VP
overall|DT-NP-any
yet|IN-PP-as
and|NNP-NP-Air
either or|PRT-VP-RP
and|NNS-NP-fertilizers
before|RB-SBAR-Even
and|NNP-NP-Savings
yet|*COMMA*-VP-*COMMA*
and|NN-NP-packaging
and|NNS-NP-East
or|VP-VP-VBZ-VP
before|RB-ADVP-ever
Otherwise|None
and|JJ-UCP-automotive
or|VP-VP-VB-NP-ADVP-PP
so|*COLON*-S-NoName
but|NP-UCP-NN-NNS
or|VB-VP-move
as|JJ-PP-proliferate
as a result|PRT-VP-RP
and|NN-NP-capital
and|NNS-NP-savings
and|CD-QP-75.625
and|NNP-NP-Toronto-Dominion
and|NP-NP-DT-JJR-NN-NN
or|NP-NP-NNP
or|NP-NP-NNS
and|NP-NP-DT-NN-JJ-NN
rather|CC-SBAR-or
and|RB-ADVP-in
and|NN-NP-information
and|NNP-NP-President
and|NP-NP-DT-JJ-ADJP-NN
and|NP-NP-NN-CC-NN
but|ADJP-ADJP-JJ-NN
Although|None
but|*COMMA*-UCP-*COMMA*
plus|NP-NP-DT-ADJP-NN-NN
and|NN-NP-food
and|NN-NP-adventure
and|NNP-NP-Sihanouk
after|RB-PP-shortly
and|NNP-NP-Land
and|NNP-NP-Tennessee
and|ADJP-ADJP-JJ
and|NNS-NP-cleansers
earlier|ADJP-NP-ADVP-VBN
and|JJ-NP-international
as|NP-NP-JJ-JJ-NNS
and|NNS-NP-staffers
but|NP-NP-DT
either or|IN-PP-from
and|NNS-NP-reductions
or|VB-VP-confirm
and|VP-VP-VB-ADVP-ADVP
As long as|None
Instead|None
and|NP-NP-NP-JJS-NN
as|RB-ADVP-twice
On the contrary|None
or|NNS-NP-securities
and|NNP-UCP-Paper
and|NNS-NP-salaries
and|VB-VP-walk
and|NNP-NP-Frankfurt
and|JJ-ADJP-leukemia
and|NNS-NP-lobbyists
as long as|VB-VP-continue
before|ADVP-SBAR-RB
or|JJ-ADJP-German
and|NNP-NP-Food
for example|*COMMA*-NP-*COMMA*
after|CC-PP-and
and|NP-NP-DT-NN
and|NNP-NP-Development
and|NN-NP-prince
and|NP-NP-JJ-NNP-NNP-NN-NNP-NNP
earlier|NP-ADVP-CD-NNS
and|NN-NP-discount
as|JJ-QP-low
or|NP-NP-NP-JJ-NNS
and|NNS-NP-entertainers
and|VB-VP-retain
and|NP-NP-NNP-CC-NNP
as well|PP-PP-IN-NP
and|VBD-VP-made
and|NNS-NP-commissions
and|NN-NP-budget
and|NP-NP-NP-PP-PP
and|JJ-ADJP-reflective
and|NNP-NP-Graedel
and|NP-NP-DT-NNP-NNS
but|PRN-PP-*COLON*-PP-*COLON*
or|NN-NP-ownership
and|NP-NP-DT-NNP-NNP
and|NP-NP-DT-JJ-NN-NN-NN-NN
and|VBZ-VP-owns
and|CD-NP-135
and|VP-VP-VB
and|NNS-NP-losses
so|VBD-VP-were
plus|NP-NP-JJR-JJ-NN
or|NN-NP-fund-raising
And|*COMMA*-S-*COMMA*
in the end|CC-S-But
as well|NP-VP-DT-ADJP-JJ-NN
or|NN-NP-flight
and|JJ-ADJP-affluent
and|PRN-S-*COMMA*-PP-*COMMA*
and|JJ-ADJP-critical
or|*COMMA*-SBAR-*COMMA*
and|NNS-NP-grounds
and|NNS-NP-businesses
separately|RB-ADVP-out
then|CC-VP-but
or|JJ-ADJP-fundamental
AND|NNPS-NP-GRAINS
and|NN-NP-inflation
and|NP-NP-PRP$-JJ-NNS
or|VBN-VP-downsized
and|NN-NP-sand
if then|``-S-``
but|JJ-ADJP-conservative
and|CD-NP-1960
or|NN-NP-gene
and|NP-NP-NNP-NNP-CC-NNP
in turn|VBN-VP-displaced
and|NNP-NP-Valley
and|VBN-VP-repainted
as|RB-CONJP-vividly
and|CD-NP-six
but|PRN-ADJP-*COMMA*-SBAR-*COMMA*
and|NNP-NP-Vandenberg
before|NP-PP-CD-NNS
and|JJ-ADJP-stock-registration
either or|NP-S-NP-PP
or|NNS-NP-appointments
and|NNS-NP-microwaves
till|None
and|NN-NP-buyer
and|JJ-NP-optical
and|NP-NP-NP-JJ-JJ-NNS
or|VBG-VP-retaining
but|*COMMA*-S-*COMMA*
since|RB-SBAR-ever
or|JJ-ADJP-private
and|NNS-NP-puns
and|NP-NP-NP-PP-''
and|NN-NP-abatement
and|NP-NP-CD
and|JJ-ADJP-regional
Similarly|None
and|NNS-NP-engineers
and|NNS-NP-laborers
as|JJ-QP-little
and|VP-VP-VBP-PRT-PP
and|CD-NP-8
and|JJ-ADJP-unfair
and|NN-UCP-business
and|NN-NP-climate
and|NN-NP-pension
and|NN-NP-fear
and|JJ-ADJP-funny
or|NP-NP-PRP$-NNS
or|IN-UCP-before
much as|PP-VP-IN-NP
and|VP-VP-VB-CC-VB-NP
and|NN-NP-casino
and|NNP-NP-Ideal
and|NN-NP-neck
and|NNP-NP-Heineken
and|VP-VP-VB-ADJP-NP
and|NP-NP-PRP$-NN
and|PRN-NP--LRB--NP--RRB-
and|NNP-NP-Monday
nor|*COMMA*-VP-*COMMA*
and|NP-NP-QP
and|SBAR-SBAR-S
and|NP-NP-NP-JJR-NN
and|NN-NP-hair
and|VBN-ADJP-fractured
else|WP-WHNP-what
and|NNP-NP-September
and|DT-NP-These
as soon as|PP-NP-IN-NP
or|NNS-NP-shares
and|NNP-NP-Tobacco
and|NNP-NP-Shadow
or|NN-NP-lackluster
and|VP-UCP-VBN-PP
and|JJ-ADJP-fine
and|ADJP-UCP-JJ-CC-JJ
and|JJ-ADJP-rich
as long as|NP-NP-DT-JJ-NN-NN
and|PRN-S-*COMMA*-''-S-*COMMA*
and|NP-NP-NP-*COMMA*-NP-*COMMA*-NP
and|ADVP-ADVP-RB-NP-PP
and|NNS-NP-Politics
and|JJ-ADJP-signed
similarly|None
and|NNP-ADJP-Roe
and|NNS-NP-pictures
and|NN-QP-mark
and|NNS-NP-Developers
till|RB-PP-Not
as a result|NP-PP-QP
much as|NP-VP-PRP
and|NNS-NP-basements
and|NP-NP-NP-*COMMA*-NP-CC-NP
and|NNS-NP-risks
and|NNS-NP-condominiums
and|NNS-NP-cars
and|NNP-NP-Senate
or|VBN-VP-overweighted
and|NN-NP-hospital
and|NP-NP-NNP-NNP-NN
and|NNP-NP-Corsica
and|JJ-ADJP-electronic
or|JJ-ADJP-right
and|NNS-NP-earnings
and|NP-NP-JJ-NN-NNP-NNP
instead|CC-VP-but
and|NNS-NP-gyrations
on the other hand|*COMMA*-PRN-*COMMA*
before|RB-SBAR-quickly
because|RB-SBAR-particularly
or|NNS-NP-decisions
and|NN-NP-efficiency
still|``-ADJP-``
if|RB-SBAR-successively
or|NNS-NP-cigarettes
as|RB-ADJP-only
and|JJ-NP-medical
as a result|NP-NP-DT-JJ-NN
and|NP-NP-DT-VBG
and|NNP-NP-Safety
and|NNP-NP-Toros
and|NNP-NP-Leventhal
separately|None
in fact|VBD-VP-were
after|NP-SBAR-NP-CC-NP
or|NNS-NP-dividends
and|NNP-NP-HUD
or|NN-UCP-community
or|NNS-NP-hikers
but|VP-VP-VBD-S
as well|NP-NP-NN-NNS
and|NN-UCP-budget
and|NP-NP-DT-JJ-NNP
either or|IN-PP-of
and|CD-NP-2006
and|NP-NP-DT-JJ-NNS
and|NP-NP-PRP$-JJ-QP-NNS
and|NNP-NP-Lee
and|VBD-VP-liberalized
and|NNS-NP-rivers
and|NNP-NP-Goodman
or|VBZ-VP-manages
and|NP-NP-JJR-NNPS
and|NN-NP-research
and|NNP-NP-Gallery
and|NP-NP-NNP-CD-*COMMA*-CD-*COMMA*
but|NNS-NP-substitutes
and|NN-NP-microprocessor
and|NN-NP-T-shirt
but|VP-VP-VP-CC-VP
and|NNP-NP-Oklahoma
and|S-S-PP-NP-VP
or|VBN-VP-desired
and|VP-VP-VBZ-ADVP-NP
and|JJS-NP-worst
or|NP-NP-JJ-NN-NNS
and|NNS-NP-live-haulers
and|NNP-NP-USA
or|VBG-VP-adding
and|NN-NP-staff
and|NNP-NP-Philip
and|NNS-NP-Mercedes-Benzes
as well|NP-NP-NN-CC-NNS
and|NNP-NP-Norton
or|NN-NP-foot
although|None
and|VP-VP-ADVP-VB
and|NP-NP-ADJP-JJ-NN
or|*COLON*-VP-...
and|NP-S-PRP$-NN
FOR|None
in fact|CC-PRN-and
and|NNP-NP-Audi
in other words|*COLON*-VP-NoName
and|NN-NP-marketing
and|NNP-NP-Sam
and|VB-VP-add
and|NNS-NP-Odds
and|VBN-VP-operated
and|NNS-NP-foundations
and|VBG-VP-mining
and|NN-UCP-stock
and|NNP-NP-Deloitte
and|NP-NP-NNS-NNP-NNP
and|RB-ADVP-carefully
and|NP-NP-QP-DT-JJ-NN
and|NP-NP-DT-ADJP-NNP-CC-NNP-NNP-.-JJ-NN-NN
and|NNS-NP-acts
and|NNS-NP-subsidiaries
and|JJ-ADJP-medium
and|NP-NP-RB-CD-NNS
since|*COMMA*-PRN-*COMMA*
and|NNS-NP-wrists
and|NNS-NP-shareholders
and|NN-NP-barley
or|PP-UCP-IN-NP
before and after|PP-VP-TO-NP
or|VB-VP-erode
and|ADJP-ADJP-RB-JJ-PP
and|NNS-NP-soybeans
indeed|CC-PP-and
and|VP-VP-VBN-PRT-PP
and|VP-VP-VBG-NP
or|PRP$-PP-his
and|NP-NP-NN-NN-NN
further|RB-ADVP-yet
As|None
and|NNS-NP-rules
and|JJ-ADJP-unwilling
and|IN-PP-in
besides|None
after|RB-SBAR-again
in particular|*COMMA*-VP-*COMMA*
but|VP-VP-VBD-NP-PP
and|JJ-NP-wobbly
additionally|None
and|JJ-ADJP-mortgage-backed
in addition|*COMMA*-NP-*COMMA*
or|NN-NP-agent
else|None
and|NP-NP-ADJP-NN-NN-NNP-NNP
or|NN-NP-plywood
and|JJ-ADJP-bad
and|NNS-NP-corners
and|NNS-NP-designers
and|NNS-NP-notes
and|NP-NP-DT-CD-NNP-NNPS
and|NNS-NP-cultures
and|NNS-NP-services
and|NN-NP-expertise
and|NN-ADJP-personality
and|NP-NP-``-JJ-''
and|NNS-NP-Investors
and|JJ-ADJP-obvious
and|JJ-NP-live
and|NN-NP-high-mindedness
and|NN-NP-banking
and|*COMMA*-NX-*COMMA*
and|NNS-NP-intellectuals
and|NNPS-NP-Securities
as an alternative|NP-VP-VBN-NN
and|NP-NP-JJ-NNP-NNP-NNP
and|JJ-ADJP-frozen
and|NNP-NP-Robert
and|NNPS-NP-Communications
and|NN-NP-divestiture
and|JJ-NP-predictable
and|NNS-NP-physicians
and|*COMMA*-VP-*COMMA*
In sum|None
or|NNS-QP-tons
moreover|None
and|VP-VP-VBD-PP-PP-ADVP
and|NNS-NP-cheers
as a result|VBD-VP-declined
or|JJ-ADJP-military
and|NP-NP-NP-SBAR
or|VP-VP-VP-CC-VP
and|NP-NP-VBG-JJ-NN-NNS
Afterward|None
and|JJ-NP-corporate
as well|NP-VP-DT-NN
as though|VBP-VP-look
so|MD-VP-would
and|NNP-NP-Australia
and|JJR-ADJP-fewer
and|JJ-ADJP-professional
and|NNP-NP-Norway
and|NNP-NP-Trelleborg
but|VP-VP-VBD-PP-PP-PP
and|NNS-NP-minicomputers
and|NP-NP-CD-NNS
or|NP-NP-PRP$
and|NN-NP-bus
and|NNPS-NP-Metzenbaums
and|NN-NP-coal
once|*COMMA*-NP-*COMMA*
and|NN-NP-bribery
and|VBG-VP-faking
or|VB-VP-help
or|NN-NP-buying
and|NNS-NP-beeps
and|NN-NP-breadth
and|PP-PP-IN-ADJP
and|NNS-NP-computers
and|NNP-NP-Schwarz
and|NP-NP-NP-NNP-CD-NN
and|NN-NP-steam
and|JJ-ADJP-mental
and|JJ-NP-bran-processing
and|NN-NP-officer
but|VP-VP-ADVP-VBD-PP
and|NP-NP-DT-CD-VBG-NNS
and|NN-NP-assessment
and|NNS-NP-arrests
and|NNP-NP-Insurance
or|NP-UCP-NNP
and|RB-ADVP-again
or|NP-NP-DT
and|NN-NP-diesel
and|NNP-NP-City
and|NN-NP-caring
and|NNS-NP-analysts
and|VBG-VP-hurting
and|JJ-NP-illogic
and|WRB-WHADVP-how
or|NN-NP-building
and|VP-VP-VBZ-*COMMA*-NP
and|NN-NP-price
and|JJ-ADJP-large
and|NNS-NP-vans
and|NNS-NP-hogs
and|RB-ADVP-high
and|NNP-NP-Civic
after|NP-SBAR-NNS
and|NN-NP-yen
and|NNS-NP-skills
and|NP-NP-DT-JJR-NNS
much as|NP-NP-JJ-NNS
and|NNP-NP-Hyundai
and|NNP-NP-Britain
and|NN-NP-robbing
and|NNPS-NP-Companies
and|NN-NP-yardwork
and|NN-NP-housing
and|*COLON*-S--
and|NP-NP-JJ-VBG-NNP-NNP
but|ADJP-ADJP-JJ
and|S-S-ADVP-*COMMA*-NP-VP
and|NNS-NP-newspapers
next|``-NP-``
or|VP-VP-VBG-NP
and|S-NP-NP-VP
and|VBZ-VP-sharpens
and|NNP-NP-Fitness
or|RB-WHADVP-haltingly
and|ADJP-UCP-JJR
but|*COMMA*-NP-*COMMA*
and|NN-NP-ammo
After|None
and|CD-QP-50*COMMA*000
and|NNP-NP-Will
and|VB-VP-develop
and|JJ-NP-electric
as long as|``-VP-``
and|S-UCP-VP
and|NN-NP-discipline
and|NNP-NP-Viacom
and|NNS-NP-investigators
and|NN-NP-fashion
and|NNS-NP-spirits
and|CD-NP-13-7
or|VBG-VP-surging
and|VP-VP-MD-RB-VP
and|NN-NP-buzzer
and|NN-NP-pump
in contrast|*COMMA*-VP-*COMMA*
and|JJ-ADJP-feminist
and|NN-NP-real-estate
or|NN-NP-consumer
and|JJ-NP-split
and|NP-NP-JJR
or|VP-VP-MD-RB-VP
and|NNS-NP-streets
and|VB-VP-extend
and|NN-NP-exchange
and|NN-NP-gold-mining
and|NN-NP-furniture
and|NN-NP-self-righteousness
likewise|None
and|NNP-NP-Pump
and|NN-NP-park
and|NN-NP-part
and|JJ-ADJP-blue
and|NNS-NP-viewers
or|NN-NP-resale
and|VP-VP-VBZ-NP
and|NN-NP-soybean
in short|NP-VP-DT-JJS-NN
as well|VBN-VP-threatened
and|NP-NP-PRP$-JJ-NN-NNS
but|VP-VP-VBG-PRT-NP-S
and|NNP-NP-Phillips
and|NNP-NP-CIA
and|NP-NP-NNP-NNPS-NNP
after|RB-SBAR-back
and|NNP-NP-Microbiology
and|JJ-ADJP-foreign
or|PRN-SQ-*COMMA*-SBAR-*COMMA*
and|NNP-NP-Girl
and|NP-NP-DT-JJ-NN
or|VB-VP-meet
Yet|None
until|ADVP-PP-IN-JJS
and|NP-NP-DT-JJ-JJ-JJ-NN
and|NP-NP-NP-NN-NN-NN
and|VP-VP-VBP-``-ADJP-''
and|JJ-NP-Canadian
and|NN-NP-racketeering
and|NP-NP-JJ-NNP-NNP
and|WRB-WHADVP-where
instead|CC-VP-and
next|PRP$-NP-its
and|NP-NP-NP-*COMMA*-PP-*COMMA*
and|JJ-ADJP-third
nevertheless|None
and|NNS-NP-reinsurers
and|NNS-NP-bonds
and|NN-NP-self-awareness
else|NN-NP-anything
or|IN-SBAR-Recession
and|NNP-NP-Canada
and|JJ-NP-black
and|CD-QP-million
but|ADJP-ADJP-RB-JJ
and|JJ-ADJP-actual
and|VP-UCP-VBG-NP
and|NN-NP-funding
and|NN-NP-security
and|NNP-NP-Liberty
and|NX-NX-JJ-NNS
and|VP-VP-VB-ADVP-ADVP-PRN
and|NNP-NP-Burke
and|NNS-NP-hopes
and|JJ-ADJP-efficient
and|JJ-UCP-facsimile
or|VP-VP-VBP-ADVP-VP
and|JJ-ADJP-available
and|NN-NP-wealth
and|''-SBAR-'
and|NP-NP-JJ-NN-NNP-FW-NNP
and|NN-ADJP-glut
and|JJ-ADJP-encyclopedic
and|CD-QP-35
and|RBR-ADVP-more
and|JJ-ADJP-willing
and|NNP-NP-Influenced
and|NP-NP-JJ-NN-JJ-NN
and|JJ-ADJP-consulting
For example|``-S-``
and|NNS-NP-marks
and|VBP-VP-buy
and|NP-NP-CD-JJR-NNS
and|JJ-NP-environmental
and|NNP-NP-Dry
as well|NP-NP-NNP-JJ-NNS-NNS
and|NNP-UCP-State
since|JJ-ADVP-much
Meantime|None
and|NNS-NP-dates
and|NP-NP-DT-NP-NN
as soon as|NP-VP-PRP$-NN
and|NNS-NP-expenses
and|NNP-NP-Paris
or|CD-NP-1986
once|RB-ADVP-only
but|NP-NP-JJR-NNS
and|JJ-ADJP-independent
and|NNP-NP-Harvard
or|NN-NP-life
and|NP-NP-JJR-NN-CC-NN-NN
and|NN-NP-vaccine
further|DT-NP-A
and|NNP-NP-Boyer
and|JJ-ADJP-valuable
and|JJ-ADJP-equitable
and|NNP-NP-Glaciology
and|NNP-NP-Dada
after|RB-PP-right
and|JJ-ADJP-financial
or|JJ-ADJP-famous
and|CD-QP-1982-83
and|NNS-NP-vehicles
and|JJ-ADJP-dramatic
so|RB-ADVP-even
but|JJ-UCP-federal
or|VBZ-VP-induces
or|VBG-VP-admitting
and|NN-NP-casting
and|NNS-NP-divestitures
much as|NP-VP-NP-*COMMA*-CC-RB-NP-*COMMA*
or|NN-NP-food
and|NN-NP-labor
or|NN-NP-destruction
and|NNP-NP-Amsterdam
or|VP-VP-VBG-PRT
and|NNS-NP-marshes
further|DT-NP-a
earlier|PRP$-NP-his
and|NN-NP-intuition
and|VP-VP-VBZ-ADVP-ADJP
neither nor|VBP-VP-are
Previously|None
and|NNP-NP-Spadafora
after|NP-PP-CD-NNS
but|SBAR-SBAR-WHNP-S
and|NNS-NP-chemicals
or|NP-NP-NNP-NNPS
except|NNP-NP-USX
and|NN-NP-road
Either or|None
or|VB-VP-soar
or|NN-NP-CD
or|''-ADJP-'
or|VB-VP-scrap
and|NNP-NP-KKR
and|NN-NP-trafficking
and|ADJP-UCP-JJ-NP
but|VP-VP-VBZ-SBAR
and|NNS-NP-blacks
and|JJ-ADJP-capital-draining
but|VP-VP-VBZ-VP
since|NP-SBAR-DT-JJ
Plus|NNP-NP-Performance
or|NNS-NP-plants
and|JJ-ADJP-business-class
overall|NP-NP-NNP-NNP-POS
or|RB-ADVP-directly
and|VP-VP-VBZ-``-ADJP
so that|ADVP-VP-RB
and|NP-NP-NNP-NNP-NNP-NNP-NNPS
and|NN-NP-thinking
and|PP-ADJP-IN-NP
But|NNP-NP-Anything
after|IN-SBAR-until
or|JJ-ADJP-third
and|NP-NP-QP-JJ-JJ-NNS
and|NNP-NP-Milan
and|NNP-NP-Watson
and|NNS-NP-flaws
while|CC-NP-or
and|VP-VP-VBZ-ADJP
or|CD-QP-seven
and|NN-NP-extent
and|NN-WHNP-ignorance
but|PRN-S-*COMMA*-SINV-*COMMA*
and|NNS-NP-holders
and|NN-NP-plastic
and|NNS-NP-taxes
later|VBD-VP-did
and|JJ-ADJP-Southwest
and|NN-NP-lawyer
thus|*COMMA*-S-*COMMA*
and|NNP-NP-Renault
later|RB-ADVP-so
because|RB-SBAR-Just
and|NP-NP-DT-NNP-NNP-NNPS-NNP
and|VP-VP-VBD-NP-SBAR
and|NNS-NP-covenants
and|NNP-NP-Trifari
as well|VB-VP-wane
and|*COLON*-S-NoName
and|NP-NP-PRP$-NN-NN-NN
as well|NP-NP-DT-NN
either or|IN-PP-on
but|JJ-ADJP-direct
and|NNS-NP-bridges
or|CD-QP-15
and|PP-PP-IN-NP-NP
or|JJ-NP-public
before and after|NP-VP-NP-VBN-NNS
or|NP-NP-DT-CD-NNS
in particular|NP-NP-JJ-NNS
or|JJ-UCP-federal
or|VP-VP-VBN-ADVP
and|NNS-NP-Analysts
and|JJR-ADJP-More
and|NNS-NP-payrolls
and|NN-NP-instrument
and|NNP-NP-Reds
and|NNP-NP-Cohen
as a result|PP-VP-IN-NP
or|NN-NP-sabotage
and|NP-NP-NP-NAC-NN
and|NNS-NP-croissants
but|*COLON*-VP---
and|NNS-NP-aides
because|None
Plus|None
and|NNP-NP-Works
but|NP-NP-JJ
and|JJ-ADJP-galvanized
and|NNS-NP-pilots
and|JJ-NP-16th
or|VB-VP-inspire
and|JJ-ADJP-practical
and|NP-NP-PRN
and|NP-NP-PRP$-NN-NN-NNS
and|JJ-ADJP-domestic
and|NNS-NP-minerals
and|NN-NP-nuance
or|''-VP-'
but|VP-VP-VBD-PP
as|IN-SBAR-so
and|JJ-ADJP-misleading
and|VP-VP-VBD-PRT-PP
and|NNS-NP-customers
and|JJ-ADJP-early
or|*COLON*-NP---
and|NN-NP-hotel\/casino
and|NNS-NP-Courts
next|PRP$-NP-your
then|*COMMA*-PP-*COMMA*
or|NNP-NP-God
when|NONE_TREE
and|NP-NP-NP-JJ-JJ-NN
and|NP-UCP-CD-NNS
and|JJ-ADJP-recession-resistant
then|*COMMA*-S-*COMMA*
AND|NP-NP-NNP-.
or|NN-ADJP-recapitalization
still|None
later|DT-NP-a
or|NP-NP-NNP-NNS
and|NNP-NP-Eritrean
and|VBG-VP-meeting
and|JJ-NP-Japanese
and|NP-NP-NP-VP
or|NP-NP-NNP-NNP
and|CD-QP-6*COMMA*500
as a result|VB-VP-decline
and|S-S-ADVP-NP-VP
and|JJ-ADJP-steam-generating
and|NN-NP-headquarters
and|NNP-NP-Hamburg
and|JJ-ADJP-moral
but|*COLON*-S-...
and|VP-VP-VBD-ADVP-VP
and|NN-QP-point
before|ADVP-PP-RB
and|NN-NP-electronics
or|CD-QP-Two
and|NP-NP-JJ-NNS-CC-NNS
and|NN-NP-Fuel
or|IN-PP-in
and|NN-NP-development
earlier|NP-NP-NNP-POS
and|NN-NP-colorlessness
and|NN-NP-snow
and|NNP-NP-Professional
after|NP-SBAR-DT-JJ-NNS
and|NNS-NP-norms
and|NNS-NP-clothes
Thus|None
and|VB-VP-fear
and|ADJP-ADJP-JJ-SBAR
or|JJ-ADJP-exotic
or|NP-NP-VBG-NN-NNS
and|NNPS-NP-Republicans
and|NNS-NP-grottoes
and|NNS-NP-defects
or|VP-VP-VB-NP
in the end|NP-NP-DT-NN
and|JJ-ADJP-real-estate
and|NP-NP-JJ-JJ-NN-NN
and|NNPS-NP-Gauloises
and|NNP-NP-Columbia
and|NN-NP-entrepreneur
and|JJ-ADJP-full
and|JJ-ADJP-demographic
else|NN-NP-Everybody
but|*COLON*-ADJP---
and|NNS-NP-controls
and|S-S-SBAR-*COLON*-NP-VP
and|JJ-ADJP-direct-steelmaking
and|NP-NP-NNP-NNP-*COMMA*-NNP-NNP-CC-NNP
and|JJ-ADJP-vague
or|NNS-NP-twenties
and|VP-VP-VBZ-RB-NP
but|DT-ADJP-all
and|NNP-NP-UAL
and|NNP-NP-Linda
or|ADJP-ADJP-RBR-JJ
or|VBN-VP-owned
and|NX-NX-NX-PRN
but|VP-VP-VB-NP-PP
next|RB-NP-before
and|VB-VP-plan
also|CC-CONJP-but
and|JJ-ADJP-arrogant
but|VP-VP-NNP-PP-PP
and|NNS-NP-rats
and|NNP-NP-Toyota
but|VP-VP-VBD-VP
and|NNS-NP-resorts
and|JJ-UCP-financial
and|NN-NP-technology
but|NP-NP-JJR-NN
and|JJ-NP-compact
or|NN-NP-employment
and|NN-NP-estate
in fact|VBZ-VP-is
and|CD-NP-three
if|RB-SBAR-particularly
and|JJ-ADJP-French
and|DT-ADJP-this
rather|None
and|NN-NP-feminism
and|JJR-ADJP-faster
and|NNS-NP-tools
so that|ADJP-VP-JJ-RB
or|NN-NP-pregnancy
and|JJR-ADJP-leaner
and|NN-NP-recreation
and|NNP-NP-Delaware
and|NN-NP-portfolio
Nor|None
and|JJR-ADJP-bigger
and|VBN-VP-restored
and|NN-NP-neglect
or|NP-NP-DT-NNP-CD
and|NP-NP-DT-JJ-NNP-CD-NN-NN
and|JJ-ADJP-architectural
and|VBZ-VP-leases
and|NNP-NP-Stockholm
Since|None
and|VB-VP-sell
and|CD-QP-200
as if|ADVP-VP-RB-CC-RB
and|NNS-NP-pizzerias
and|NNP-NP-LIN
and|NN-NP-volume
and|JJ-ADJP-trans-Pacific
and|NN-NP-Revenue
further|RB-ADVP-even
or|NN-NP-plus
and|NNP-NP-Colson
after|NP-SBAR-QP-NN
or|NP-NP-NP-PP-SBAR
earlier|NP-NP-DT-NN
and|NNP-NP-Orkem
or|VB-VP-manipulate
and|NNP-NP-Ocean
or|VB-VP-receive
and|NNS-NP-colors
and|JJ-ADJP-red
and|VP-VP-VBZ-ADVP-PP
and|NP-UCP-DT-NNS
next|RB-NP-Sometime
and|JJ-ADJP-choppy
and|JJ-ADJP-comprehensiveness
as long as|PRT-VP-RP
In the end|None
as well|NP-NP-DT-NNP-NN-NN
and|NN-NP-accounting
and|NN-NP-name
and|NN-NP-class
as a result|*COMMA*-PRN-*COMMA*
and|JJ-UCP-electronic
or|CD-QP-5*COMMA*000
and|NNS-NP-petrochemicals
and|NN-NP-killing
later|CC-ADVP-or
and|NN-NP-monitoring
and|NNS-NP-missiles
and|VP-VP-VBP-ADVP-PP
and|JJ-NP-economic
and|CD-QP-1.10
and|JJ-UCP-private
and|NN-NP-design
as well|''-NP-''
consequently|*COMMA*-S-*COMMA*
and|NN-NP-sale
or|NN-NP-quarter
and|VBG-VP-predicting
and|NNP-NP-Mr.
and|NNP-NP-Sacramento
and|NNS-NP-dispositions
and|VBP-VP-chew
and|VP-VP-VBZ-S-PP
and|NNP-NP-Brussels
and|NN-NP-deal-making
specifically|RB-ADJP-not
and|NN-NP-screen
and|VP-VP-PP
and|NNS-NP-volunteers
and|JJ-ADJP-complete
but|VP-VP-VBZ-ADJP
and|NNS-NP-windows
and|VP-VP-VBP-PP
so|*COLON*-S-...
and|JJ-ADJP-abrasive
earlier|NP-ADVP-QP-NN
else|NN-NP-everyone
Therefore|None
and|CD-NP-62
if|RB-SBAR-even
and|NNS-NP-assets
and|NX-NX-NNP-NN
but|RB-ADVP-quietly
as|ADVP-ADVP-IN-JJS
and|JJ-UCP-legal
and|NNP-NP-Red
or|SQ-NP-VBP-NP-VP
before|JJ-ADJP-unseen
as though|*COMMA*-VP-*COMMA*
and|NP-NP-NP-NNP-NNP-NNP
and|NN-NP-rating
and|NN-NP-gossip
and|NN-NP-detective
or|NN-NP-business
and|NN-NP-speed
for|NP-PP-DT
and|SBAR-SBAR-WHNP-S
as though|ADVP-VP-ADVP-CC-RB
and|VBN-VP-set
and|NN-NP-cable
and|JJR-ADJP-smaller
and|NNS-NP-ghosts
or|CD-QP-billion
or|VBG-VP-recommending
and|JJ-UCP-Canadian
and|NN-NP-stock-index
and|VP-VP-VB-NP-NP-PP
and|VP-VP-VBD-RB-VP
and|NN-ADJP-Street
and|NNP-NP-WCRS
and|CD-QP-20
and|RB-ADVP-quickly
and|NNS-NP-bids
as long as|NP-VP-NP-PP
and|VB-VP-recover
and|NP-NP-NP-PP-VP
or|CD-QP-10*COMMA*000
and|VP-VP-VB-NP-PP
and|VB-VP-evolve
either or|NP-S-PRP
else|DT-NP-all
or|NNP-NP-London
though|RB-SBAR-even
and|CD-QP-three
as|RB-CONJP-well
and|NNP-NP-Bonn
and|JJ-ADJP-put
and|JJ-ADJP-loud
and|NN-NP-cosmetology
either or|''-VP-''
and|NNP-NP-Crisco
or|VP-VP-VBD-ADJP
Overall|None
and|NN-UCP-engineering
and|NN-NP-husband
and|NNP-NP-February
as if|RB-VP-not
and|RB-ADVP-responsibly
and|NN-NP-freight
and|JJ-ADJP-false
and|S-S-S-*COMMA*-CC-S
and|JJ-ADJP-signal-processing
and|NNP-NP-Citibank
and|NNPS-NP-Odds
next|JJ-NP-coming
and|NN-NP-inaction
and|NN-NP-company
and|NP-NP-NNP-*COMMA*-NNP-NNP
and|JJ-ADJP-ground-cargo
and|NNS-NP-clubs
and|JJ-NP-flamboyant
and|CD-NP-11
and|NP-NP-DT-NNP-NNPS
and|NN-NP-dealer-manager
and|CD-NP-16
and|NNS-NP-layoffs
and|CD-NP-14
and|NNS-NP-rights
and|VBN-ADJP-targeted
and|CD-NP-19
and|NP-NP-DT-NN-NN
Moreover|None
and|NNS-NP-docudramas
Now that|None
and|NP-NP-JJ-NNS
as soon as|*COMMA*-S-*COMMA*
or|CD-QP-200
and|NNP-NP-California
and|NP-S-NP-PP
and|NP-NP-NP-NNP-CC-NNP-NNS
overall|DT-NP-The
or|JJ-ADJP-unpleasant
and|NP-NP-DT-JJ-NN-NNS
and|VBG-VP-increasing
and|ADVP-ADVP-JJ
and|NNP-NP-Tango
and|JJ-ADJP-monetary
and|NNS-NP-economists
as|RB-ADJP-twice
or|NP-NP-DT-JJ-NN-NNS
and|CD-NP-480
and|NNS-NP-workers
rather|CC-CONJP-but
and|PRN-VP-*COMMA*-ADVP-*COMMA*
if|WP-SBAR-What
or|NN-NP-chance
or|NN-NP-lipstick
and|NN-UCP-computer
and|NNS-NP-electronics
and|JJ-ADJP-judicial
and|NN-NP-video
and|NNP-NP-Accumulation
and|NN-NP-voice
much as|NP-VP-PRP$-NNS
and|JJ-ADJP-successful
and|NN-NP-refurbishment
and|NN-NP-shampoo
because|RB-SBAR-simply
or|VB-VP-flatten
as though|PRN-ADJP-*COLON*-VP-*COLON*
and|NNP-NP-Thunderbird
By contrast|None
and|NNS-NP-tariffs
and|JJ-ADJP-industrial
and|NNP-NP-Io
Separately|None
and|VBG-NP-assembling
and|ADJP-ADJP-RBS-JJ
and|NN-ADJP-productivity
and|NN-NP-chorus
otherwise|CC-VP-or
and|IN-ADVP-in
and|NNS-ADJP-hemorrhoids
as an alternative|PP-VP-IN-NP
and|JJ-NP-General
and|NP-NP-PRP$-JJ-JJ-NN
and|NP-NP-DT-VBN-NNS-NN
and|NNP-NP-Coors
and|NNP-NP-55th
and|NN-NP-realism
if|RB-SBAR-Perhaps
or|VBN-VP-prepaid
either or|``-SBAR-``
or|NN-NP-cable
and|NNP-NP-Brazil
Neither nor|None
and|JJ-ADJP-thinning
and|NP-NP-DT-``-JJ-NN-''-NN
and|RB-ADJP-up
or|NP-NP-DT-JJ-NNS
when|RB-WHADVP-only
if then|CC-S-and
but|VP-VP-VBD-NP-PP-PP
nor|*COLON*-S-NoName
and|NNS-NP-imports
and|NNP-NP-Miller
neither nor|*COLON*-VP-...
and|VBN-VP-routed
or|JJ-ADJP-native
and|JJ-ADJP-innovative
and|NNP-NP-Taxation
and|DT-ADJP-that
and|NN-NP-kidnapping
or|SBAR-SBAR-WHPP-S
and|NN-NP-butter
and|NP-NP-NNP-NN-NN
or|NP-NP-DT-NNP-NN
and|CD-NP-5-0
and|NP-NP-NP-NNP-JJ-NN-NN
next|DT-QP-the
and|NP-NP-NNP-NNPS-CC-NNP
as a result|VBN-VP-incurred
and|NP-NP-NNP-NNPS-NN-NNP
and|NNP-NP-Hawks
but|VP-VP-VBD-NP-NP
and|NP-NP-JJ-NNP-CD
as a result|VBN-VP-born
and|NP-NP-NNPS-NNP-NNP-CC-NNP-NNP
since|RB-PP-ever
or|CD-QP-200*COMMA*000
or|ADJP-UCP-JJ
and|NN-NP-paperwork
or|NN-NP-hugging
and|NN-NP-bid
Thereafter|None
also|CC-NP-and
and|NP-NP-DT-JJ-NN-NN
so|VBP-VP-seem
and|NNP-NP-Tariffs
then|DT-NP-the
and|IN-PP-of
and|NN-NP-public
and|NN-NP-floppy-disk
as long as|ADVP-VP-RB-*COMMA*-CC-RB
and|NN-NP-panel
as well|JJ-ADJP-political
and|IN-PP-on
and|NNS-NP-refrigerators
and|NN-NP-Gold
and|NP-NP-CD-NNS-CC-NNS
before|ADVP-FRAG-RB
so|CC-S-or
as|RB-ADVP-half
and|NN-NP-utility
or|*COLON*-SBAR---
and|NNS-NP-beans
as well|VBG-VP-doing
or|JJR-ADVP-more
and|NN-NP-land
and|NNP-NP-Telecommunications
if|ADVP-SBAR-RB
and|NN-NP-cell
and|NNS-NP-gangs
and|NNS-NP-offices
or|VP-VP-VBN-PRT
and|VP-VP-VBP-ADVP-ADJP
and|NNP-NP-Shattuck
and|NP-NP-NP-CD-NN-NNS
as|RB-SBAR-especially
while|RB-SBAR-Even
and|NN-NP-truck
or|VBP-VP-rise
but|VP-VP-VBD-ADVP-PP
or|NN-UCP-stock
and|*COLON*-VP-NoName
and|JJ-ADJP-uninsured
and|NN-NP-sound
and|NN-NP-controller
and|VB-VP-design
and|JJ-ADJP-sad
and|NNS-NP-drugs
and|JJ-ADJP-dark
or|NNS-NP-ceilings
and|VBG-VP-drinking
and|VBD-VP-demanded
next|CC-NP-or
once|*COMMA*-PP-*COMMA*
or|JJ-ADJP-unreasonable
and|NP-NP-``-UH-''
so|ADVP-FRAG-RB
but|VP-VP-ADVP-VBD-NP
or|CD-NP-1983
when|CC-WHADVP-and
or|NN-NP-comedy
or|NN-NP-stock
for instance|NP-NP-NP-``-NNP-*COMMA*-''
and|NNP-NP-Defense
as well|JJ-ADJP-annoyed
and|NNS-NP-twists
and|PRN-NP--LRB--NP-*COMMA*-NP--RRB-
and|VBN-VP-fumpered
and|NNP-NP-Denmark
and|NP-NP-DT-JJ-NNP-NNPS
so|*COMMA*-S-*COMMA*
and|NNS-NP-pistols
and|NNP-NP-Brady
or|NN-NP-recession
and|S-S-VP
as a result|NP-VP-CD-NN
either or|IN-PP-at
and|NN-NP-brewing
and|NN-NP-risk
or|*COMMA*-PP-*COMMA*
because|-LRB--SBAR--LCB-
and|NP-NP-DT-NNS-POS
and|NNP-NP-Hotel
and|NP-NP-NP-PRN
and|NNS-NP-arms
as|NP-NP-NP-PP
and|NP-NP-JJ-NN-PRN-NNS
earlier|NP-ADVP-JJ-NNS
and|JJ-UCP-commercial
and|VB-VP-market
and|VP-VP-VBD-VP
and|NN-NP-telephone
or|NNP-NP-Jones
when|ADVP-WHADVP-RB
or|NN-NP-cement
and|NNP-NP-Peter
and|CD-QP-10*COMMA*000
or|NN-NP-stomach
or|NN-NP-output
for|RB-PP-particularly
and|NN-NP-approval
overall|None
and|JJ-ADJP-organizational
and|NAC-NP-NNP-NNP-*COMMA*-NNP-NP-*COMMA*
or|CD-QP-five
as a result|RB-ADVP-Largely
or|NP-NP-DT-NN-VBN-NN-NN
and|NNS-NP-lawsuits
and|ADJP-UCP-JJ
or|NN-NP-liquor
or|None
and|NNP-NP-Tokyo
but|S-S-NP-VP
after|NP-SBAR-QP-NNS
and|NNS-NP-utilities
and|CD-NP-757
and|NX-NX-JJ-NN
and|VP-VP-VBN-S-PP
and|RB-ADVP-scientifically
then|CC-S-and
as|JJ-QP-high
and|NN-UCP-government
and|JJ-NP-two-year
and|ADJP-UCP-JJR-S
and|JJ-NP-local
and|NN-NP-television
and|DT-ADJP-these
if|RB-SBAR-soon
or|NN-NP-admission
plus|NP-NP-NNS
and|NN-NP-cotton
as though|VBD-VP-looked
and|NN-NP-plantation
or|JJ-ADJP-Spanish
and|NNS-NP-members
and|VP-VP-VBD-NP-S
or|ADJP-ADJP-JJR
or|VBG-VP-continuing
and|JJ-ADJP-bullish
and|NN-NP-crane
and|NP-NP-NP-*COMMA*-ADVP
hence|CC-NP-and
and|NN-NP-race
and|VP-VP-VBD-NP-*COLON*-NP-PP
and|NP-NP-DT-``-NNP-CD-*COMMA*-''-CD-NNP
and|NNS-NP-salesmen
and|NP-NP-DT-NNS-CC-NNS
and|VP-VP-ADVP-VB-NP
and|VP-VP-VBD-PP-ADVP
and|NP-NP-NP-NNP-NNP-NN
and|NN-ADJP-newsprint
as a result|VBG-VP-separating
and|VP-VP-VBP-PP-PP
else|NN-NP-anyone
or|NN-NP-investment
and|NN-NP-mistrust
and|NP-NP-NNP-NNP-NNP-NNP-NN
either or|NP-S-NN-NNS
and|NNS-NP-riots
or|*COMMA*-NX-*COMMA*
or|CD-QP-three
but|ADJP-UCP-VBG
and|NNPS-NP-Ways
and|NNS-NP-professors
and|JJR-ADJP-easier
and|NNP-NP-J
and|NNP-NP-U.S.
and|CD-QP-300
and|NN-NP-adviser
and|NNP-NP-Tracers
by then|None
and|NP-NP-RB
or|NP-NP-NN-NNS
and|CD-NP-64
but|JJ-ADJP-well-intentioned
once|None
and|''-SBAR-''
and|NNS-NP-motives
or|NNS-NP-films
as well|PRN-NP-*COLON*-ADVP-VP-*COLON*
and|NNS-NP-magazines
or|NN-NP-settlement
and|NN-NP-felony
and|VBN-ADJP-enlightened
but|PRN-S-*COLON*-S-*COLON*
and|NN-NP-producer
and|NNS-NP-negatives
as|RB-SBAR-even
and|NN-NP-mound
and|NN-NP-brain
but|PRN-S-*COMMA*-ADVP-*COMMA*
or|JJ-ADJP-red
for example|*COLON*-PRN---
and|JJ-NP-technological
much as|PP-VP-TO-NP
and|VBN-VP-misinterpreted
as|RB-SBAR-so
and|NNP-NP-Rodgers
or|NP-NP-RB-DT-NNS
and|ADJP-NP-NP-JJ
or|NN-NP-race
or|NP-NP-NNP-CD
and|NP-NP-NP-CC-NP
or|VP-VP-VBP-RB-VP
and|NP-NP-DT-VBN-NN
or|VP-VP-TO-VP
or|VBN-VP-donated
and|*COLON*-NP---
and|NN-NP-memory
and|NNS-NP-borrowings
or|VB-VP-license
or|VBP-VP-set
or|NNS-NP-directors
in fact|NP-NP-NN-NNS
and|NN-NP-airconditioner
and|VP-VP-VP-CC-VP
and|NP-NP-PRP$-NNP-NN
plus|*COLON*-PRN---
So|``-S-``
and|NNP-NP-Vietnam
and|PP-NX-IN-NP
and|NN-NP-relocation
and|NN-NP-trading
and|NN-NP-ideology
and|NN-NP-prime-time
and|VB-VP-target
and|NN-NP-cooperation
and|NN-NP-position
and|NP-NP-JJS-NNS
and|NN-NP-publishing
and|NP-NP-DT-ADJP-NNP-JJ-NN-NN
and|NNS-NP-stocks
after|NP-PP-CD-NN-NNS
and|PP-UCP-TO-NP
and|NNS-NP-cattle
and|VP-VP-VBD-ADVP-ADJP
and|JJ-ADJP-American
and|NN-NP-hunting
and|NP-NP-NN-S
else|NN-NP-something
and|JJ-ADJP-wrenched
and|NNPS-NP-Lombard
and|NNS-NP-dealings
and|NN-NP-phoning
or|JJ-ADJP-newborn
or|JJ-ADJP-upscale
or|VBN-VP-reduced
and|NNP-NP-August
AS|NNP-NP-Vappenfabrikk
and|NP-NP-NNP-JJ-NN
and|VP-UCP-VBG-VP
and|NNP-NP-Lester
plus|NP-NP-NNP
or|VBN-VP-generated
and|JJR-ADJP-slower
and|NP-NP-NNP-NN-NN-NNP-CC-NNP
earlier|NP-ADVP-DT-NN
or|CD-QP-50*COMMA*000
as well|*COMMA*-PP-*COMMA*
once|VBD-VP-were
and|NP-NP-NN-CC-NN-NNS
earlier|DT-NP-some
and|NN-UCP-space
and|VBG-VP-buying
or|*COLON*-VP---
and|VP-VP-ADVP-VBD-PP
and|NN-NP-government
or|CD-QP-million
but|SINV-S-MD-NP-VP
overall|DT-NP-the
and|*COLON*-ADJP--
either or|VBG-VP-trading
and|NNS-NP-logistics
when|RB-WHADVP-longer
and|VBG-VP-improving
or|NN-NP-fun
and|NN-NP-traffic
and|NNP-NP-Institution
and|NNS-NP-highways
next|NONE_TREE
and|NN-NP-brokerage
and|NN-NP-comfort
and|JJ-ADJP-movie-studio
and|NNS-NP-nuts
for example|None
or|NNP-NP-Wednesday
or|NN-NP-software
or|VP-VP-VB-NP-PP
as long as|NP-NP-DT-NN-NN
or|NP-NP-NP-CC-NP
or|NNS-NP-lawyers
and|VB-VP-call
and|NNS-NP-buyers
and|NNP-NP-Alabama
and|NN-NP-clothing
and|RB-ADVP-totally
or|NP-NP-NN-CC-JJ-NNS
and|NP-NP-DT-JJ-NNP-NNP
and|NNS-NP-roads
also|NONE_TREE
and|NN-NP-maker
and|JJ-NP-six-month
and|JJ-NP-electrical
and|JJ-ADJP-thick
and|VBG-VP-tracking
and|NNP-NP-Sheraton
but|VP-VP-VBD-PRT-NP
or|CD-QP-50
so|RBR-ADVP-less
and|NN-NP-crime
or|CD-QP-two
and|VB-VP-donate
and|NP-NP-PRP$-JJ-VBN-NNS
and|VBN-VP-designed
and|JJS-ADJP-newest
When|None
or|NN-NP-head
and|VP-VP-VBG-ADVP
and|VP-VP-VBD-NP-NP-PP
or|VB-VP-curtail
for|None
and|NNP-NP-Cooperation
and|NNS-NP-directories
Either or|``-SINV-``
and|NN-NP-depression
and|VBZ-VP-makes
and|NNP-UCP-U.S.
and|VB-VP-build
and|NNP-NP-James
and|NNS-NP-wages
neither nor|VBD-VP-was
afterward|RB-ADVP-soon
and|ADJP-UCP-JJ-PP
and|NN-NP-nature
and|ADVP-UCP-IN-NP
and|JJ-ADJP-inaccurate
or|NN-NP-board
and|NNS-NP-goals
and|NNS-NP-individuals
as soon as|PP-VP-TO-NP
and|NNP-NP-Seoul
and|JJ-ADJP-white
or|NN-NP-expenditure
and|NNS-NP-schools
and|NN-NP-equipment
or|NNS-NP-futures
nor|VP-VP-VBZ-NP-SBAR
and|NNP-NP-Ore
and|JJ-NP-academic
and|NNS-NP-nerves
and|DT-NP-those
or|NNS-NP-bonds
and|TO-PP-to
and|NNS-NP-advertisers
earlier|RB-ADJP-much
except|None
and|NN-NP-outfield
and|NP-NP-NNP-NNP-NNP-NNP-NNP-NNP-NNP
and|NP-NP-PRP$-JJ-NN
and|NNP-NP-Ratners
while|RB-SBAR-even
and|NP-NP-JJ-NNP
because|RB-SBAR-partly
and|ADJP-ADJP-JJS
and|JJ-ADJP-precipitous
and|NN-NP-today
and|JJ-NP-payable
or|NN-NP-spring
and|JJ-ADJP-Estimated
in turn|NP-NP-NN
or|NP-NP-DT-JJR-JJ-NNS
and|NN-NP-theft
and|VP-VP-VBD-PP-PP
and|JJR-ADJP-safer
and|NP-NP-NN
and|NP-UCP-DT-JJ-NN
or|NN-NP-progress
and|*COMMA*-SBAR-*COMMA*
after|RB-SBAR-soon
and|S-S-NP-VP
now that|NP-VP-NNP-NNP
and|NNP-NP-NatWest
and|NNS-NP-futures
and|NNP-NP-Trade
earlier|PRP$-NP-her
and|NP-NP-NP-NP-PP
and|NP-NP-PRP$-ADJP-JJ-NNS
or|RB-ADVP-jointly
and|VBD-VP-slithered
neither nor|MD-VP-will
earlier|CC-ADJP-and
and|JJ-ADJP-sharp
and|NP-NP-NNP-CC-NNP-NNP-NNP
and|NNS-NP-publications
thereafter|RB-ADVP-Shortly
or|VB-VP-retire
or|*COLON*-ADVP---
and|VB-VP-reinforce
or|NN-NP-merger
or|JJ-ADJP-liquified
and|NP-NP-JJ-NNP-NNP-NNP-NNP-NNP-NNP
and|NNS-NP-'60s
for|ADVP-PP-RBR
and|NP-NP-PRP$-NN-NNS
and|JJ-ADJP-low-income
or|JJ-ADJP-medium
and|NNS-NP-agents
and|NN-NP-attrition
and|VP-VP-VBD-PP-''
and|NNS-NP-policies
as well|NP-NP-JJ-NN
And|``-S-``
and|NNP-NP-Mirage
and|VBG-VP-introducing
and|VP-VP-VBD-NP-PP-PP-ADVP
or|VP-VP-VB-S
and|NNS-NP-supervisors
as long as|CC-S-but
and|NN-NP-microcomputer
and|NN-NP-subsidy
and|*COMMA*-NAC-*COMMA*
and|NP-NP-JJR-NN-NNS-CC-NNS
so|PRN-S-*COMMA*-S-*COMMA*
and|VBG-NP-breeding
In addition|None
and|NN-NP-demand
or|NNS-QP-minutes
but|ADJP-UCP-JJ
but|VP-VP-VBZ-``-ADJP-''
and|JJ-ADJP-anti-drug
and|NNS-NP-refunds
or|NNS-NP-battlegroups
and|NN-NP-liquidity
and|NNS-NP-inches
and|VP-VP-ADVP-VBG-NP-PP
and|JJ-ADJP-sudden
and|NNP-NP-Plan
because|RB-PP-primarily
yet|RB-ADJP-not
As a result|None
then|CC-ADVP-and
and|NP-NP-JJ-NN-CC-NN
or|NP-NP-JJ-JJ-NNS
and|NN-NP-start-up
and|NP-NP-NN-VBG
and|VP-VP-VB-ADJP
or|CD-QP-15*COMMA*000
and|NN-NP-restructuring
and|JJ-ADJP-oversold
and|VP-VP-VB-PP-PP
and|NNS-NP-telesystems
so|RB-ADJP-just
and|NP-NP-NN-NNP-NNP
in fact|VBD-VP-did
and|PRN-ADJP--LRB--NP--RRB-
and|NNS-NP-enterprises
but|PRN-S-*COLON*-ADVP-NP-*COMMA*-NP-*COLON*
and|NP-NP-DT-NNP-NNP-JJ-NN
and|NN-NP-pay
Else|None
and|JJ-ADJP-political
or|VB-VP-cause
as a result|VB-VP-receive
and|NNS-NP-terms
and|NNS-NP-nerds
and|NNS-NP-devils
and|NNS-NP-movies
On the other hand|``-S-``
though|*COMMA*-VP-*COMMA*
or|JJ-ADJP-explicit
and|NP-NP-DT-JJ-NNP-NN
and|NNS-NP-workstations
and|NN-NP-trade-offs
and|NAC-NP-NNP-PP
and|NN-NP-disk-drive
and|NNS-NP-Suppliers
and|NP-NP-NP-NNS-NN
and|NNS-NP-seeds
and|NNS-NP-sections
or|JJ-NP-Alaskan
or|CD-QP-one
and|VP-VP-VP-*COMMA*-ADVP-VP
and|VB-VP-feed
and|JJ-ADJP-local
and|NN-NP-emigration
and|VB-VP-inspect
and|NNS-NP-experts
and|NNP-NP-Midwest
and|NP-NP-NP-NNS
and|NP-NP-NP-NNP
and|NN-NP-pickup
and|VP-VP-MD-VP
and|NN-NP-Car
and|NNS-NP-times
and|NN-NP-venture
and|NN-NP-killer
or|ADJP-ADJP-JJ
and|VB-NP-buy
and|NP-NP-DT-NNP-NNP-NN-NN
in contrast|None
and|JJ-WHADJP-competent
or|NP-NP-NP-VP
as if|NP-VP-PRP$-NNS
and|NP-NP-DT-NNP-NNP-NNPS
and|VB-VP-sweat
and|NNS-NP-biographers
after|RB-PP-Soon
and|NN-NP-diaper
and|NNP-NP-Education
and|NNP-NP-Polaroid
and|JJ-ADJP-black
and|NN-NP-hotel
and|RB-ADVP-swiftly
but|PRN-S-*COLON*-NP-*COLON*
and|NN-NP-unthinkable
and|JJ-ADJP-sophisticated
and|JJ-NP-political
as well|VP-VP-VBG-PP
and|NN-ADJP-north
and|NN-NP-importance
yet|RB-FRAG-not
or|VP-VP-VB-PRT-PP
and|NP-NP-RB-JJ-NNS
and|NNS-NP-communications
and|JJ-ADJP-personal
and|NN-NP-bookkeeper
as well|PP-VP-PP-*COMMA*-CC-PP
and|NP-NP-DT-JJ
and|CD-QP-47.125
and|NNS-NP-paints
finally|CC-PP-and
before|NP-SBAR-RB-NNS
and|CD-QP-15
but|PRN-S-*COMMA*-''-SINV-*COMMA*-``
as well|ADJP-VP-JJ
and|NP-NP-DT-JJR-NN
and|NN-NP-religion
and|NN-UCP-product
and|VP-VP-VBN-PP-PP-PP
in short|NP-NP-NP-CC-NNS
and|NNS-NP-loans
or|NP-NP-NP-QP
and|JJ-UCP-electrical
and|JJ-ADJP-lantana
and|VBG-VP-testing
or|IN-SBAR-whether
and|JJ-NP-roasted
and|NN-UCP-directory
in fact|*COMMA*-PRN-*COMMA*
as|RB-SBAR-particularly
or|NNS-NP-petrochemicals
much as|NP-VP-NN
and|NP-NP-NNP-NNP-POS
when|RB-WHADVP-just
and|JJ-ADJP-unnecessary
or|VP-VP-VB-PRT-NP
and|NN-NP-library
and|VP-VP-VBG-S
and|NNS-NP-shirts
and|JJ-ADJP-undeserved
By comparison|None
and|NP-NP-DT-NNP-NNP-NN-NNS
and|NNS-NP-trustees
but|JJ-NP-expected
and|VBZ-VP-matures
and|VP-VP-VBZ-PRT-PP
and|PP-VP-PP-PP
Next|PRP$-NP-His
or|''-NP-''
and|NNP-NP-Grodnik
and|NN-NP-brimstone
rather|MD-VP-'d
and|NN-WHNP-respectability
and|JJ-ADJP-specific
and|JJ-ADJP-willful
and|JJ-NP-gas-gathering
as a result|CC-PP-and
as|RB-SBAR-Even
and|NN-NP-basis
and|NNS-NP-relations
and|VP-VP-VBP-VP
once|ADVP-ADVP-IN-JJS
and|CD-NP-2000
and|S-VP-VP
and|VP-VP-VBN-NP
when|None
and|NP-NP-NP-*COMMA*-SBAR
also|*COLON*-NP---
and|NP-NP-NN-CC-NNS
and|CD-QP-225
either or|IN-PP-for
or|VP-VP-MD-VP
and|NN-NP-tea
and|NNP-NP-Boies
as a result|VB-VP-resume
else|NN-NP-nothing
and|NP-NP-VBN-JJ-NNS
or|NP-NP-QP-NNS
as long as|NP-VP-DT-JJ-NN-NN
and|NNP-NP-Hewlett-Packard
so|CC-QP-or
and|JJ-ADJP-third-quarter
and|RB-ADVP-inside
and|NN-NP-favorite
and|NN-NP-executive
and|NNS-NP-colleges
after|RB-PP-Shortly
and|JJR-ADJP-stronger
but|*COMMA*-VP-*COMMA*
but|VP-VP-NNS-NP
before and after|None
or|VB-VP-sell
and|NNS-NP-officers
overall|PRP$-NP-its
and|VB-VP-operate
and|NNP-NP-Crime
and|VBZ-VP-finds
and|NNP-NP-York
and|NN-NP-soap
and|NN-NP-pipeline
and|NNS-NP-harms
as well|S-VP-NP-ADJP
in particular|SBAR-VP-IN-S
or|VP-VP-VBZ-S
but|VP-VP-VBD-ADJP-NP
or|NP-NP-NP-*COMMA*-SBAR-*COMMA*
and|NNP-NP-Citicorp
and|NN-NP-pool
and|NNPS-NP-Asians
and|NP-NP-PRP$-NN-NNP-NNP-NNP
and|NNP-NP-William
much as|PP-VP-IN-PP
and|JJ-ADJP-corporate
and|PP-UCP-IN-NP
and|VBN-VP-written
as|QP-ADJP-JJR-IN-CD-NNS
and|NNP-NP-Federated
and|NN-NP-terrorism
as a result|*COMMA*-VP-*COMMA*
and|NP-NP-NNS-S
and|NN-NP-propylene
and|NN-NP-taxi
further|DT-NP-no
and|NNS-NP-sources
and|JJ-NP-second
until|ADVP-SBAR-IN-JJS
and|JJ-ADJP-medium-term
yet|*COMMA*-SBAR-*COMMA*
and|NP-NP-NNPS
WHEN|None
and|NNS-NP-abilities
and|JJ-ADJP-secret
once|JJS-QP-least
then|None
and|NP-NP-JJR-NN-NN
then|CC-NP-and
or|VP-VP-VBZ-NP
but|VP-VP-VBN-NP
else|RB-ADVP-everywhere
and|NNS-NP-investors
as well|PP-VP-PP-CC-PP
and|JJ-ADJP-erudite
as well|JJ-ADJP-logical
and|NNP-NP-Balzac
and|NN-NP-production
later|NP-ADVP-NNS
either or|NP-S-NNS
or|VBN-VP-controlled
and|VP-VP-VBG-PRT-NP-PP
and|VP-VP-VBD-PP-PP-NP
and|NN-NP-mountain
so that|NP-VP-PRP$-NNS
and|NN-NP-competition
or|*COLON*-VP-NoName
and|NN-NP-nonpriority
and|JJ-ADJP-responsible
or|VBG-VP-obtaining
and|NP-NP-DT-ADJP-JJ-NNP
and|NNS-NP-deposits
as a result|JJ-ADJP-available
and|IN-ADVP-up
and|NNPS-NP-Tariffs
as a result|VBN-VP-produced
and|VP-VP-VBN-ADJP-NP
However|None
and|NN-NP-semiconductor
and|NP-NP-NNP-NN-NNP-NNP
and|*COLON*-SBAR-NoName
and|JJ-NP-start-up
and|NN-UCP-retailing
and|NN-NP-professor
and|JJ-NP-domestic
and|NN-UCP-junk
and|NN-NP-forestry
or|JJ-NP-individual
or|CD-QP-40
and|VP-VP-ADVP-VBP-NP
or|CD-QP-42
and|NP-NP-ADVP-DT-NN-NNS
and|NN-NP-repertoire
and|NNP-NP-Supervision
and|*COMMA*-PP-*COMMA*
and|NNS-NP-laboratories
and|NP-NP-JJ-JJ-VBN-NNS
and|NNS-NP-firms
and|NP-NP-DT-NNP
For instance|None
and|VB-VP-formulate
and|NP-NP-DT-NNS
or|NX-NX-NX-*COMMA*-SBAR
and|NN-NP-intelligence
or|JJ-ADJP-working
and|NN-NP-bidding
and|NN-NP-offering
and|ADJP-ADJP-JJ-S
and|NN-NP-freedom
and|NN-NP-sex
and|NP-NP-NNP-NNP-.-NNP
and|NNS-NP-points
and|JJ-UCP-European
lest|None
and|VBN-VP-recognized
and|NP-NP-DT-NN-S
and|VB-VP-torture
and|VBG-VP-bribing
so|RB-ADJP-not
and|NNS-NP-likes
either or|MD-VP-will
and|NP-NP-NNP-NNP-NNP-NNP-NNP-NNP
next|DT-NP-that
and|NP-NP-NP-CC-NNS
before|NP-ADVP-CD-NNS
and|NN-NP-school
and|NN-NP-building
and|NN-NP-creativity
and|NN-NP-armor
and|NN-NP-data-processing
and|NN-NP-material
and|NNP-NP-Czechoslovaks
and|VP-VP-VBZ-CC-VBZ-NP
and|NNP-NP-Immigration
and|VP-VP-VBZ-NP-PRN
or|VBP-VP-nearer
and|NN-NP-duck
as if|VBG-VP-shivering
or|NP-NP-JJ-NN-NN
or|NN-NP-disease
or|*COMMA*-VP-*COMMA*
and|NN-NP-fun
because|NONE_TREE
and|NNP-NP-Butterfinger
and|SBAR-NP-WHNP-S
and|NNP-NP-Greenland
and|NNP-NP-Brooklyn
and|NNS-NP-projects
as well|NP-NP-NNP-CC-NNP
and|JJS-ADJP-largest
On the contrary|``-S-``
in short|NP-NP-NNS
or|VBD-VP-interviewed
and|JJ-NP-human
instead|None
but|NP-UCP-DT-NNP-NN
after|NP-PP-DT-NN
or|VP-VP-VBD-S
and|NNS-NP-systems
and|NN-NP-business
now that|ADJP-VP-RB-JJ
and|NNP-NP-Board
and|NN-NP-designer
but|PRN-S-*COMMA*-PP-*COMMA*
yet|VP-VP-VBP-NP
and|NN-NP-plot
and|NN-NP-wood
and|RB-ADVP-alive
and|NNP-NP-Ontario
yet|DT-ADVP-any
and|NN-NP-Oil
and|JJ-ADJP-Debt-free
and|NNS-NP-measurements
or|*COLON*-PRN---
or|NN-NP-withholding
or|CD-ADJP-500
and|NNP-NP-Western
and|NP-NP-NN-NN-NN-NNS-NNP-NNP-NNP
as|RB-QP-recently
and|NP-NP-QP-NN-NNS
and|NP-NP-PRP$-VBG-NNS
and|NNP-NP-Drabinsky
When|NONE_TREE
or|NX-NX-NN-NNS
in the end|ADJP-VP-JJ
or|JJ-ADJP-fenugreek
and|NNS-NP-patients
or|NNP-NP-Paper
and|NN-NP-computer-software
and|NN-NP-lubricant
and|NN-NP-airport
or|VP-VP-VBD-PP
and|NN-NP-transportation
and|VP-VP-VBN-PP-PP
and|''-ADJP-''
and|NNS-NP-Socialists
or|VP-VP-VBZ-NP-S
and|ADJP-ADJP-DT-JJ-RBR-JJ
or|JJ-ADJP-little
and|VP-VP-VB-PP-S
after|None
and|NN-NP-city
and|RB-ADVP-gently
and|NN-NP-Today
and|NNP-NP-Ron
on the other hand|*COMMA*-S-*COMMA*
and|VP-VP-NNP-PP-PP
and|NP-NP-NP-JJ-NN
and|NNP-NP-South
and|NNP-NP-Coast
ultimately|None
and|NN-NP-committee
and|JJ-ADJP-popular
and|JJ-ADJP-irresponsible
and|NX-NX-NN
or|RB-ADVP-down
and|NN-NP-copying
and|NNS-NP-mines
insofar as|NP-S-PRP
and|VBN-ADJP-processed
and|NNP-NP-East
and|JJ-ADJP-sensational
and|NNS-NP-failures
and|VP-VP-VB-NP-NP
or|NP-UCP-CD
and|NP-NP-ADJP-NN
but|PP-UCP-IN-NP
or|VP-VP-VBP-NP-ADVP
but|NNP-NP-Unprovable
as|JJ-QP-far
and|NN-NP-evaluation
or|NNS-NP-people
as|None
and|NNP-NP-Area
but|JJ-ADJP-low-margin
and|NP-NP-NP-*COMMA*-JJ-NN
and|NN-NP-tritium
and|VBN-VP-registered
by then|CC-S-And
and|JJR-ADJP-shadier
but|JJ-NP-popular
or|NN-NP-income
and|NN-NP-raising
and|JJ-NP-new
once|IN-ADVP-at
and|CD-NP-5
and|VB-VP-balloon
and|CD-NP-2
and|CD-NP-1
and|NP-NP-NP-*COMMA*-VP-*COMMA*
but|VP-VP-VBZ-RB-VP
and|VB-VP-manage
and|NN-NP-leasing
and|NNP-NP-Nora
if|None
and|VP-VP-VBN-ADVP-PP
or|VP-VP-VB-NP-NP
and|NN-NP-personal-injury
as a result|CC-S-And
and|NNS-NP-arch
after|NP-PP-QP-NN
and|NNS-NP-liberals
and|NN-NP-PC
and|NNS-NP-competitors
and|NN-NP-surprise
or|NNS-NP-utilities
and|VBG-VP-boating
and|NNP-NP-House
and|JJ-NP-British
as well|NP-NP-NP-NN-S
or|NN-NP-restructuring
and|NNS-NP-dogs
and|VBZ-VP-distributes
and|NP-NP-JJR-NN
or|NN-NP-drug
later|NP-ADVP-NP-CC-NP
yet|VP-VP-VBZ-NP
and|NN-NP-offer
or|JJ-ADJP-vague
and|VB-VP-brew
or|NP-NP-CD-NNS
and|NNS-NP-plans
or|JJ-UCP-provincial
and|NN-NP-buy
and|NP-NP-DT-JJ-CD
and|NN-NP-talk
and|NN-NP-Sex
for example|*COMMA*-VP-*COMMA*
neither nor|*COMMA*-S-*COMMA*
and|NNP-NP-I
or|NN-NP-security
and|NN-NP-power
and|NNS-NP-people
and|NNP-NP-VH-1
in addition|*COMMA*-S-*COMMA*
and|NN-NP-average
and|NP-NP-NNP-NNPS-NNP-NNP
and|NN-NP-architect
and|VBN-VP-shot
and|NNS-NP-costs
and|NN-NP-network
and|NN-NP-frugality
and|NP-UCP-DT-NN
and|NNS-NP-prosecutors
and|NNP-NP-Wolf
and|NP-NP-DT-JJ-CD-NN
and|NNP-NP-Unilever
and|VP-VP-ADVP-VBN-NP
and|NN-NP-profitability
and|NNS-NP-casinos
and|NN-NP-industry
either or|IN-PP-with
and|JJ-NP-Individual
or|VBG-VP-manufacturing
and|NN-NP-stern
As a result|``-S-``
and|VB-VP-solicit
and|RBR-ADVP-faster
by contrast|*COMMA*-S-*COMMA*
or|NN-ADJP-buy-out
and|NNPS-NP-Catholics
and|NNS-NP-laws
and|JJ-ADJP-romantic
plus|DT-NP-the
and|NNS-NP-misunderstandings
and|VP-VP-ADVP-VBN-PP
and|NN-NP-import
and|JJ-NP-administrative
and|VP-VP-VBZ-SBAR
and|VB-VP-mature
as a result|NP-VP-DT-JJ-NN
or|PP-UCP-ADVP-IN-NP
and|NN-NP-geology
and|IN-ADVP-off
or|NN-NP-development
and|NP-NP-NP-JJ-NNS-NN
if then|None
and|NP-NP-PRP
and|VBG-VP-simplifying
but|JJ-ADJP-risky
and|JJ-ADJP-middle
and|NP-NP-NP-*COMMA*-NP-*COMMA*-NP-*COMMA*
and|VBZ-VP-rises
and|NP-NP-DT-JJ-JJ-NN-NN
and|NNS-NP-traders
and|JJ-ADJP-general
and|NNP-NP-Italy
or|NN-NP-project
as|QP-ADVP-RB-RB
and|RB-ADVP-promptly
and|NNP-NP-Paribas
and|JJ-ADJP-bureaucratic
after|RB-PP-even
and|NP-NP-CD-NN-NNS
or|NN-NP-support
and|VBG-VP-processing
and|JJ-ADJP-penny-wise
and|NNP-NP-Ways
thus|CC-VP-and
or|NN-NP-affidavit
By then|None
and|VP-VP-VBZ-ADJP-PP
either or|VBD-VP-were
or|S-SBAR-NP-VP
and|NNS-NP-diseases
and|NNP-NP-Armco
and|DT-NP-all
and|VBG-NP-sleeping
and|NP-NP-NAC-NNP-*COMMA*-NNP-NNP
so|``-S-``
and|NN-NP-editor
and|NN-NP-lawn
or|NNS-NP-individuals
either or|VB-VP-comment
and|NNS-NP-debts
and|``-S-``
or|NP-NP-NP-SBAR
and|VP-VP-VBG-VP
When and if|None
as though|VB-VP-feel
as|RB-ADJP-quite
later|NP-ADVP-QP-NNS
and|NN-NP-circulation
in particular|*COMMA*-NP-*COMMA*
for|ADVP-PP-RB
else|NN-NP-everything
or|NP-NP-DT-NN-NN
and|NNS-NP-men
and|NNS-NP-purchases
and|NN-NP-police
and|NN-NP-science
but|SBAR-SBAR-IN-S
And|None
or|NN-ADJP-collateral
and|NP-NP-DT-NNP-CD-NNS
and|VBN-ADJP-squashed
and|NN-NP-morning
then|RB-ADVP-Back
or|PP-PP-IN-S
and|SBAR-SBAR-WHADVP-S
so|NONE_TREE
and|*COLON*-NP-...
Ultimately|None
and|JJ-ADJP-fair
and|VP-VP-ADVP-JJ-PP
accordingly|None
and|JJ-ADJP-cultural
as well|VBN-VP-soared
and|NNP-NP-Aeronautics
and|NN-NP-cheese
so|CC-ADVP-and
and|JJ-NP-fine
but|NN-NP-option
and|JJ-ADJP-policy-making
then|*COMMA*-NP-*COMMA*
regardless|None
and|RB-ADVP-well
or|NN-NP-work
further|RB-ADJP-much
as soon as|*COMMA*-VP-*COMMA*
and|JJ-NP-operational
and|NN-NP-scheduling
and|NNP-NP-Parsow
or|NN-NP-spending
and|JJ-UCP-British
and|NP-NP-DT-``-NX-''
and|IN-PP-into
and|VBG-VP-laughing
and|NP-NP-NNP-NNP-JJ-NN
or|NN-NP-fire
and|NN-NP-liability
and|NNS-NP-views
and|VBZ-VP-builds
and|NN-NP-academia
and|NN-ADJP-state
and|NP-NP-DT-NAC-NN-NN
and|NN-NP-ammonia
and|NN-NP-fiction
as well|*COMMA*-PRN-*COMMA*
and|NP-NP-DT-JJ-JJ-ADJP-NN-NN
or|NNS-NP-initials
or|VP-VP-NN-NP
and|NNS-NP-properties
when|RB-WHADVP-Just
and|NNS-NP-vegetables
and|VBN-VP-executed
and|RB-ADVP-farther
By comparison|-LRB--S--LRB-
and|NNS-NP-records
in particular|NP-S-NNP-NNP-NNP
hence|None
and|VB-VP-GIVE
as if|NP-VP-JJ-JJ-NN
if|*COLON*-PRN---
and|NN-NP-relief
and|JJ-NP-commercial
and|NN-NP-steel
as well|None
afterward|None
and|VP-VP-VBG-NP-SBAR
earlier|None
but|NONE_TREE
and|NNS-NP-sports
and|VBG-VP-abetting
and|VBD-VP-capitulated
and|NN-NP-openness
or|NNS-NP-dioxins
and|NP-NP-NP-NNP-.-NNP-NNP-NNP
or|CD-QP-250*COMMA*000
or|NN-NP-reception
and|VP-VP-VBG-NP-NP
and|NN-NP-fuel
and|VBN-ADJP-sifted
in addition|PP-VP-IN-NP
and|NNP-NP-Debussy
or|VP-VP-VBN-PP
or|NP-NP-DT-JJ-NN
either or|*COLON*-S---
and|NNP-NP-Manila
or|NP-NP-DT-NN-JJ-NN-NN
and|NN-NP-swimming
but|*COLON*-S-NoName
by comparison|CC-S-But
or|NN-NP-testing
or|VB-VP-slow
and|NN-NP-history
and|VP-VP-VBP-ADVP-NP
later|NP-NP-DT-NN
and|NN-NP-consulting
and|VP-VP-MD-RB-ADVP-ADVP-S-''
as soon as|VBN-VP-replaced
and|NN-NP-turmoil
and|VP-VP-VBD-ADJP-PP
but|PP-PP-TO-NP
and|NN-NP-cost
earlier|NP-ADVP-QP-NNS
and|NN-UCP-insurance
but|VP-VP-VBZ-ADVP-VP
but|DT-QP-All
and|NN-NP-flooring
so that|NP-VP-PRP$-JJ-NN
and|NNS-NP-promises
but|ADJP-ADJP-JJR
and|VBG-ADJP-pleasing
and|VBN-VP-arrested
or|NN-NP-opportunity
and|NP-NP-DT-NN-CC-NN-NN-NNP-NNP
and|JJ-ADJP-reckless
and|NP-NP-NP-JJ-NNP-NN
and|JJ-NP-internal
and|NNS-NP-friends
and|VP-VP-NN
and|JJ-NP-first
and|NN-NP-age
and|SBAR-SBAR-RB-IN-S
as|RB-SBAR-just
and|NNP-NP-Poland
and|NP-NP-JJ-NN-NN
either or|*COMMA*-VP-*COMMA*
and|ADJP-ADJP-JJ-PP
and|NP-NP-NP-PP-PRN
and|NN-NP-piano
nonetheless|None
and|NN-NP-dealer
and|VP-VP-VBP-RB-ADJP
or|JJ-ADJP-low
and|VB-VP-create
but|VP-VP-VBD-NP-S
and|NN-NP-gentleness
after|ADVP-SBAR-RB
still|DT-NP-a
and|NN-NP-hour
or|VB-VP-win
and|NAC-NP-NNP-*COMMA*-NNP-*COMMA*
before|NP-PP-RB-NNS
and|JJ-ADJP-cynical
and|NP-NP-NNS-NN
and|NN-NP-salmon
though|None
and|NN-NP-bladder
so that|NP-VP-NNS
and|VP-VP-VBZ-``-PP-''
and|NP-NP-DT-JJ-NN-CC-NN-NN
but|VP-VP-VBD-NP-NP-S
or|NNP-NP-Federated
as a result|VB-VP-benefit
so|CC-VP-or
if|RB-SBAR-especially
and|NNP-NP-Berg
either or|*COMMA*-S-*COMMA*
and|NP-NP-PRP$-CD-JJ-NN
Next|CD-NP-eight
and|NNP-NP-Europe
and|NNS-NP-carbide-products
and|S-S-S-*COMMA*-S-*COMMA*-CC-RB-S
and|NN-NP-wheeling
and|NNS-NP-consultants
and|S-S-ADVP-*COMMA*-PP-*COMMA*-NP-VP
and|PRN-S-*COMMA*-S-*COMMA*
and|NNP-NP-Contras
Next|None
and|VP-VP-VP-*COMMA*-VBN
as|RB-PP-not
and|NN-NP-military
and|NN-NP-service
and|NP-NP-PRP$-JJ-*COMMA*-ADJP-JJ-NN
but|VP-VP-VBZ-NP-S
and|NP-S-DT-NN
or|JJ-ADJP-improper
and|VP-VP-VBG-ADVP-PP
for|DT-PP-both
and|NNS-NP-remittances
and|NN-NP-liberalization
and|NNS-NP-rodents
and|NP-NP-NNPS-NNP-*COMMA*-NNP
and|NN-NP-brass
and|VBP-VP-underwrite
and|*COMMA*-NP-*COMMA*
and|VBZ-VP-smell
or|NN-NP-utility
and|NNP-NP-Arabia
and|NP-NP-NP-NNP-NNP-NNP-NNP
before|NP-SBAR-JJ-NNS
in addition|*COMMA*-VP-*COMMA*
and|JJ-ADJP-19th
and|NNP-NP-Trend
and|JJ-NP-pharmaceutical
further|DT-ADVP-any
or|CD-QP-four
and|NN-NP-sector
once|ADVP-PP-IN-JJS
but|VP-VP-VBD-PRT-NP-PP
and|JJ-NP-premier
accordingly|NN-NP-presentation
and|JJ-ADJP-sporadic
and|JJ-ADVP-commendable
and|NNS-NP-houses
after|NN-NP-week
or|NN-NP-medication
and|NN-UCP-chemical
and|JJ-ADJP-sexy
and|JJ-ADJP-second
and|JJ-NP-walking
and|NN-NP-supply
as a result|NP-VP-NP-PP
or|VBD-VP-called
or|ADJP-ADJP-QP
afterward|RB-ADVP-shortly
and|NNP-NP-LeBaron
and|JJ-ADJP-Third-quarter
as|RB-ADJP-well
neither nor|NP-S-DT-NNP
and|NN-NP-exploration
or|IN-ADVP-Whether
or|NN-NP-surplus
and|NN-NP-character
neither nor|None
and|NP-NP-NP-PP-SBAR
or|CD-NP-103
and|NNP-NP-Vail
as if|ADVP-VP-RB
or|INTJ-INTJ-UH
or|NN-NP-state
and|NN-NP-employment
while|None
and|NN-NP-effect
and|NNS-NP-orphans
when|RB-WHADVP-Even
and|NN-NP-Entertainment
or|VBG-NP-talking
or|VBN-VP-posted
as|*COMMA*-ADJP-*COMMA*
and|NP-NP-VBG-NNS
either or|VBP-VP-are
and|NN-NP-occupancy
further|NNP-NP-System
if|*COMMA*-ADJP-*COMMA*
and|NP-NP-NP-ADJP
and|NN-UCP-housing
and|NN-UCP-state
and|JJ-NP-regulatory
and|NP-NP-DT-NNP-NNP-NNP-CC-NNP-NNP-NNP
and|NNP-NP-Budapest
else|NN-NP-anybody
and|IN-ADVP-By
or|NP-NP-DT-``-NN-*COMMA*-NN-CC-NN-''
and|NN-NP-rape
As well|None
once|IN-ADVP-than
and|NAC-NP-NNP-*COMMA*-NNP-NP
and|NNP-NP-Safeco
and|NNP-NP-Ozzie
as soon as|*COLON*-VP---
and|NNS-NP-subsidies
later|NP-ADVP-DT-JJ-NNS
and|NN-NP-fraud
and|NX-NX-NNP-NNP
and|JJ-ADJP-powerful
as well|*COMMA*-S-*COMMA*
and|NP-NP-NP-*COMMA*-SBAR-*COMMA*
and|*COMMA*-PRN-*COMMA*
but|''-SBAR-''
or|NN-NP-repayment
and|PP-PP-IN-NP-PP
or|VP-VP-VBZ-RB-VP
and|NN-NP-diagnosis
and|JJ-ADJP-respected
and|NNP-NP-Guber
as|VBP-VP-are
and|NN-NP-mining
and|NNS-NP-pharmaceuticals
and|NN-NP-silver
but|``-S-``
and|NP-NP-NP-``-PP-''-PRN
and|NP-NP-JJR-NNP-NN-NNS
or|NP-QP-PDT-DT-NN-NN
and|NNPS-NP-Tele-Communications
and|NNS-NP-vacations
and|JJ-ADJP-venture-capital
and|JJ-ADJP-disputed
and|JJ-ADJP-executive-branch
or|NP-UCP-DT-NN
and|NN-NP-work-rule
next|DT-NP-the
and|NNP-NP-Sony
or|VBN-VP-named
and|NNS-NP-legislatures
and|NN-NP-space
or|VP-VP-VB-PRN
or|NN-NP-ratification
And|*COLON*-S-'
as an alternative|NP-VP-NP-*COMMA*-SBAR-*COMMA*
and|NNP-NP-Alarcon
and|NNS-NP-restructurings
and|NNS-NP-catalogs
and|JJ-ADJP-SEPARATED
but|JJ-NP-low-margin
and|NNP-NP-Artists
and|CD-QP-800
or|NN-QP-%
as well|VBN-VP-fared
but|ADJP-ADJP-JJ-PP
and|NNS-NP-papers
and|NN-NP-strategy
and|JJ-ADJP-complicated
and|S-S-CC-NP-VP
and|NN-UCP-transportation
In short|None
or|VP-VP-MD
and|NP-NP-NP-JJ-NN-NNS
and|NNS-NP-vouchers
and|NNS-NP-fuels
and|CD-QP-150*COMMA*000
and|NNP-NP-Picture
and|VBG-NP-Advancing
and|NN-NP-advertising
or|NN-NP-bid
and|NNS-NP-executives
overall|DT-NP-an
If then|``-SINV-``
and|NN-NP-stationery
and|NNP-NP-Convention
so|RB-ADVP-especially
but|NP-NP-NNPS-NNP-CC-NNP
or|VB-VP-maintain
and|NNS-NP-semiconductors
and|NNP-NP-Chairman
and|NN-NP-imagination
and|NNS-NP-reforms
and|ADJP-ADJP-DT-JJ-JJ
and|NP-NP-CD-NNP-NNS
and|VB-VP-buy
and|NN-NP-planning
and|NNS-NP-mayors
plus|NP-NP-JJ-JJ-NN-NNS
and|VBN-ADJP-faded
But|None
and|ADJP-ADJP-ADJP-*COMMA*-''-JJ
or|JJ-ADJP-mislaid
and|VP-VP-VBD-ADJP-ADVP
and|NNP-NP-America
and|VBD-VP-sold
neither nor|VBN-VP-been
or|VBN-VP-canceled
either or|NP-S-JJ-JJ-NNP-NNS
as a result|NP-NP-DT-ADJP-JJ-NN-NN
and|NN-NP-size
as|RB-ADVP-far
and|NNP-NP-Unocal
simultaneously|None
and|VBD-VP-leaked
and|VP-VP-VBG-NP-PRT
and|NP-NP-DT-NNP-CC-NNP-NN
or|VP-VP-ADVP-VBZ-NP
and|VBD-VP-bought
and|NNP-NP-microcomputer
and|NNS-NP-exports
before|NP-PP-DT-JJ-NNS
and|RP-PRT-on
and|NN-NP-dogma
and|NNP-NP-Time
and|NNS-NP-errors
but|NP-NP-DT-``-JJ-NN
but|JJ-ADJP-economic
and|NNS-NP-actors
and|NN-NP-loyalty
and|NP-NP-NNP-FW-NNP-NNP
and|ADJP-ADJP-RB
and|JJ-NP-federal
and|NP-NP-NP-*COMMA*-SBAR-*COMMA*-PP
as if|VBG-VP-feeling
either or|IN-PP-than
and|JJ-ADJP-artistic
and|NP-NP-VB-CC-VB-NNS
in particular|NP-NP-JJ-NN
but|NP-NP-RB-NN
or|JJR-ADJP-more
and|NNP-NP-Florida
or|JJ-ADJP-quarterly
much as|NP-VP-QP
neither nor|ADVP-S-RB-RB
as well|PP-PP-IN-ADJP
Finally|None
when|ADVP-WHADVP-RBR
and|NN-ADJP-leasing
but|VP-VP-VBP-VP
and|NP-NP-NNP-*COMMA*-NNP-FW-NNP-FW-NNP
and|NN-NP-Nausea
and|NNS-NP-challenges
so that|*COLON*-VP---
and|NP-NP-NP-ADJP-NNP-NNP-NN
and|NNP-NP-Hawaii
and|NP-NP-DT-CD-NN
and|NP-NP-DT-NNP-NNP-NNP-NN-NN
as|JJ-PP-such
and|NN-NP-litigation
and|NNP-NP-Kabul
and|NN-NP-lending
and|CD-NP-1965
and|NNP-NP-Baches
or|*COLON*-S-...
and|NNS-NP-cowboys
and|NNS-NP-skins
and|NNP-NP-C
Consequently|None
and|NNS-NP-clients
and|*COMMA*-ADJP-*COMMA*
and|NP-NP-DT-NNP-JJ-NNS-NN
and|NP-NP-JJ-JJ-NNS
so|ADVP-VP-RB-RBR
as|ADVP-ADVP-RB-CC-JJ
because|PP-PP-IN-NP
and|NN-NP-actor
Alternatively|None
meantime|None
and|NP-NP-PDT-DT-JJ-NNS
and|NN-NP-news
and|VP-VP-VBN-CC-VBN-PP
but|DT-QP-all
and|ADJP-ADJP-RB-``-JJ
and|NNS-NP-1930s
and|JJ-ADJP-intricate
or|NP-NP-NNP-CD-*COMMA*-NP
and|NN-ADJP-Fear
and|VB-VP-explain
and|NP-NP-NNP-JJ-NNP-NNP
and|NP-NP-PRP$-JJ
or|TO-PP-to
or|VB-VP-profit
and|-LRB--PRN--LRB-
or|NNS-NP-pacemakers
and|NN-NP-conservation
yet|CC-VP-and
consequently|None
in addition|VBD-VP-was
either or|MD-VP-could
and|NP-NP-QP-NN
and|JJ-UCP-social
and|JJ-ADJP-new
AS|NNP-NP-Bank
and|NNS-NP-homeowners
and|NNS-NP-grades
by then|*COMMA*-NP-*COMMA*
and|NNP-NP-Illustrated
else|*COMMA*-S-*COMMA*
and|NP-NP-JJ-*COMMA*-JJ-NN
or|NN-NP-conglomerate
and|NNP-NP-Jones
and|NP-NP-NP-*COMMA*-ADJP-*COMMA*
and|NP-NP-DT-NNS-NNS
or|VBN-VP-met
or|NP-NP-NP-*COMMA*-NP-*COMMA*
for instance|*COMMA*-S-*COMMA*
and|VP-VP-``-VB-''-NP
and|NN-NP-training
and|NP-UCP-NP-PP
previously|None
and|NN-NP-telecommunications
and|JJ-NP-unusual
and|VBG-NP-rearing
so that|S-VP-NP-NP
and|PP-UCP-ADVP-IN-NP
and|NN-NP-program
and|NN-NP-transmission
and|RP-PRT-up
and|NNP-NP-MX
or|JJ-ADJP-inappropriate
before|NP-PP-QP-NN
and|NN-NP-asbestos
and|VP-VP-RB-NP
and|NP-NP-DT-JJR-NNP-NN
and|NN-NP-trial
but|NX-NX-NN
and|NNS-NP-engines
or|ADVP-ADVP-NP-RBR
and|NNS-NP-polyps
and|NN-NP-processor
and|NN-NP-scope
and|VP-VP-VB-PP-SBAR
as|RB-ADJP-about
and|NN-NP-storage
or|VB-VP-disturb
further|NP-ADVP-CD-NN
and|NN-NP-word-processing
and|NNP-NP-Noranda
and|VB-VP-defraud
and|NN-NP-bond
instead|CC-CONJP-but
As soon as|None
and|NNS-NP-ethics
but|VP-VP-VBD-SBAR
as well|NP-VP-DT-NNS
and|NP-NP-ADJP-NN-NNS
and|JJ-ADJP-tasteless
yet|VP-VP-VBP-PP
and|NN-NP-consultant
and|NN-NP-audit
and|NNS-NP-duties
and|JJ-NP-common
and|NNS-NP-silences
and|NN-NP-software-development
and|NN-NP-pleasure
or|VP-VP-VB-CC-VB-NP
as long as|NP-VP-DT-JJ-NNS
or|ADJP-ADJP-RB-JJ
Indeed|None
or|VBN-VP-abolished
and|JJ-ADJP-similar
and|NN-NP-pilot
next|PRP$-NP-their
and|NN-NP-registration
or|ADVP-UCP-RB-PP
or|NP-NP-JJ-JJ-NN
and|NN-NP-toothpaste
or|NP-NP-$-CD
and|NNS-NP-buildings
or|CD-ADJP-35
and|NN-NP-hope
Then|None
and|JJ-WHADJP-flawed
and|NN-NP-instrumentation
and|VB-VP-keep
and|NP-NP-NP-JJS-PRN-NNP
and|NNS-NP-bakeries
as|RB-CONJP-eagerly
or|NP-NP-NN-NN
and|JJ-ADJP-historical
and|NN-NP-bed
or|NN-NP-partnership
and|NP-NP-NP-``-JJ-''
and|NNS-NP-supplies
or|VP-VP-VBP-NP
and|NNS-NP-burials
and|JJ-NP-total
or|NN-NP-ragtime
and|NN-NP-wholesaler
and|NNS-NP-bankers
and|NNPS-NP-Futures
or|VP-VP-VBG-NP-PP
and|NNP-NP-Management
and|NP-NP-VBN-NN-NNS
and|NNS-NP-goods
and|NN-NP-court
and|NNS-NP-toiletries
but|VP-VP-VBD
or|VP-VP-VBP-NP-SBAR
as well|PP-NP-IN-NP
or|DT-NP-some
and|NN-NP-corn
or|''-VP-''
and|*COLON*-NP-NoName
or|VP-VP-VBN
and|NN-NP-medium
or|VP-VP-VBD-VP
or|VP-VP-VBD
because|RB-SBAR-just
else|NN-NP-one
as|ADVP-SBAR-RB
and|NNP-NP-Singapore
and|NNP-NP-Ronald
and|JJ-ADJP-recorded-music
and|NNS-QP-dailies
but|S-S-PP-*COMMA*-NP-VP
and|JJ-ADJP-bumbling
and|NN-NP-data
later|NP-NP-DT-NN-POS
and|NN-NP-air
and|VP-VP-ADVP-VBN-ADVP
and|VP-VP-VBD-ADJP
and|NNS-NP-receivers
and|NN-NP-productivity
and|NNP-NP-Belgium
either or|VBG-VP-requiring
and|NN-NP-Soybean
and|JJ-ADJP-consolidated
and|JJ-UCP-retail
and|VP-VP-VBZ-PRT-NP
and|NNS-NP-employees
and|NNP-NP-Peltz
and|NX-NX-NX-PP
and|S-S-PP-*COMMA*-NP-VP
after|RB-ADVP-right
and|NN-NP-hot-rolled
and|VP-VP-VBN-ADJP-PP
and|PRN-VP-*COLON*-S-*COMMA*-PP-*COMMA*
and|NP-NP-JJ-NAC-NNP-NNP-NNP-NNP-NNP
For example|None
and|VP-VP-VBD-PP-S
and|NNS-NP-deductions
and|NNS-NP-styles
and|NN-NP-fall
for example|*COMMA*-PRN-*COMMA*
before|NP-PP-QP-NNS
so that|NP-VP-NN-NNS
as a result|VBN-VP-made
and|JJ-ADJP-chartered
and|NN-NP-arrest
and|JJ-ADJP-tortured
thereafter|None
and|NN-NP-activity
and|RB-ADVP-on
and|VP-VP-VB-PP-ADVP
in addition|None
much as|PRT-VP-RP
or|NN-NP-electronics
and|NN-NP-finance
or|NP-NP-NNP-NNP-NNP
plus|NN-NP-cash
before|CC-S-and
as|RB-ADJP-just
and|NNS-NP-commercials
and|NNS-NP-producers
and|NNPS-NP-Pharmaceuticals
and|NN-NP-prosecutor
and|NNP-NP-Armstrong
earlier|PRP$-NP-its
but|NP-NP-JJR-NN-VBG-NN
and|JJ-ADJP-general-purpose
and|NP-NP-JJ-NN-NN-NNS
and|JJ-ADJP-liberal
and|NP-NP-NP-ADVP
and|NNS-NP-tourists
and|NN-NP-studio
and|NP-NP-VBN-JJ-NN
and|NP-NP-CD-ADJP-NNS
but|VP-VP-VBD-RB-VP
as|RB-ADJP-not
and|NP-NP-NN-``-NN-''
or|VP-VP-VB-PRT
and|NNS-WHNP-films
and|JJ-ADJP-good
and|NP-NP-NP-NNP-NNP-NN-NN
and|JJ-ADJP-sensitive
and|NN-UCP-oil
and|VP-VP-VBD-PP-PP-PP
and|NN-NP-custody
or|NN-NP-government
but|ADJP-UCP-ADJP-PP
and|NN-NP-car
and|CD-NP-2008
and|CD-NP-2009
or|ADVP-ADVP-RB-NP
and|JJ-ADJP-environmental
and|CD-NP-2004
and|CD-NP-2005
and|NP-NP-NP-*COMMA*-ADVP-*COMMA*
and|CD-NP-2007
and|NNP-NP-Department
or|NN-NP-movie
and|CD-NP-2003
and|JJS-ADJP-widest
or|NN-NP-time
and|NN-NP-strength
and|NNS-NP-products
and|NNP-NP-Colgate
and|NN-UCP-accounting
and|NN-NP-value
and|NN-NP-rage
but|RB-ADVP-slowly
or|RB-ADVP-up
and|VBZ-VP-serves
or|NP-NP-DT-JJ-NN-NN
and|NN-NP-society
and|NN-NP-reunification
and|NN-NP-refinery
as well|-LRB--PRN--LRB-
and|NP-NP-PRP$-``-NNP-''
and|ADVP-ADVP-RB
and|VP-VP-VBD-NP-PRT
or|VBN-VP-extended
thereafter|RBR-ADVP-less
and|NNS-NP-criminals
and|NNS-NP-ground-handling
and|NN-NP-family
and|ADJP-ADJP-JJR
or|CD-NP-one
and|JJ-ADJP-impractical
now that|VBN-VP-assured
and|NNS-NP-takeovers
and|NNS-NP-pillows
although|''-S-''
as if|PP-VP-IN-NP
or|NNS-NP-nurseries
and|NNS-NP-dealers
and|JJ-NP-Six-month
and|NN-NP-Newsprint
so|S-S-NP-VP
and|NNP-NP-FBI
and|NNS-NP-Public-works
and|NN-NP-uncertainty
for|RB-PP-only
and|JJ-ADJP-clear
so that|*COMMA*-VP-*COMMA*
or|VBG-VP-buying
and|NP-NP-DT-NN-CC-NN-NN
and|NNP-NP-Jiangsu
and|NP-NP-PRP$-CD-NNP-NNS
as well|NP-NP-NP-*COMMA*-NP-*COMMA*-''
and|NP-NP-NNS-CC-NNS
and|VP-VP-VBG-NP-S
and|NNP-NP-Club
and|NN-NP-tax
and|NNP-NP-Equity
but|JJ-ADJP-deplorable
and|ADJP-ADJP-QP-RBR-JJ
and|VBN-VP-waxed
and|VBG-VP-stealing
and|VB-VP-seize
while|JJ-NP-little
and|NN-NP-dithering
and|JJ-ADJP-clean
and|NNP-NP-Corollas
and|NNP-NP-Connectors
or|PRP$-NP-his
and|VP-VP-VBD-PP-NP-PP
after|NP-SBAR-CD-NN
and|RB-ADVP-now
in the end|*COMMA*-PRN-*COMMA*
as well|NP-NP-JJ-NN-NNS
plus|JJ-NP-domestic
and|VBD-VP-founded
and|JJ-ADJP-diazepam
but|JJ-ADJP-low-cost
and|NP-NP-DT-NAC-NN
as well|NP-NP-DT-NNP-NN
and|S-S-SBAR-*COMMA*-NP-VP
and|JJ-ADJP-16-bit
AND|NNP-NP-STOCKS
or|NN-NP-tongue
or|NNS-NP-headquarters
as well|NP-NP-NNS
also|CC-ADVP-But
and|NNS-NP-journalists
and|NNS-NP-chains
and|JJ-ADJP-listless
and|*COMMA*-UCP-*COMMA*
overall|RB-ADJP-well
or|SBAR-SBAR-IN-S
and|NN-NP-pricing
and|NP-NP-NP-JJ-NNS
and|S-S-CC-SBAR-*COMMA*-NP-VP-*COMMA*-''
and|NP-NP-JJ-JJ-NX
or|JJ-ADJP-topiary
and|VP-VP-VBG-PP
and|CD-NP-6
and|NNP-NP-Boren
and|VB-VP-popularize
and|VBN-VP-manufactured
and|VP-VP-VBD-PP-PP-''
or|NN-NP-person
and|NNP-NP-Congress
and|NNS-NP-hosts
and|NN-NP-positioning
and|NNS-NP-telecommunications
and|NP-NP-JJ-JJ-NN
and|VP-VP-VB-PRT-NP
and|NN-NP-confidence
either or|NP-NP-DT-NN
and|JJ-ADJP-technical
and|NN-NP-color
and|NN-NP-sabotage
next|JJ-NP-late
and|CD-QP-75*COMMA*000
and|NX-NX-CD-NN
and|NP-NP-DT-ADJP-NN
and|CD-QP-billion
much as|VB-VP-acquire
and|NNP-NP-Japan
and|NP-NP-JJR-NNS
and|NN-NP-timetable
and|NNS-NP-professionals
after|NP-PP-NNS
and|NN-NP-municipality
or|NNP-NP-Bay
and|S-S-NP-ADJP
and|NN-NP-Labor
and|NNS-NP-media
rather|*COMMA*-PRN-*COMMA*
or|JJ-NP-little
and|JJ-ADJP-public-policy
and|JJ-ADJP-levamisole
and|NNP-ADJP-Willing
and|CD-NP-1974
and|CD-NP-1979
and|CD-NP-1978
and|NP-NP-NNP-*COMMA*-NNP-CC-NNP
and|NN-NP-aerospace
and|CD-NP-4
but|*COLON*-NP---
and|PP-NP-DT-IN-NP
and|NN-NP-rank
and|NN-QP-megabyte
Next|DT-NP-every
Accordingly|None
in particular|CC-PP-and
and|NN-NP-idealism
and|NN-NP-trainer
and|NNP-NP-Recovery
and|NP-NP-DT-ADJP-JJ-NN
and|NNS-NP-polyols
so|VBZ-VP-does
and|NN-NP-lemon-lime
and|JJ-ADJP-short-term
then|CC-PP-and
But|``-S-``
and|NN-NP-restaurant
and|NNP-NP-Multimate
and|NP-NP-NP-ADJP-NNP
or|NP-NP-PRP$-JJ-NN
or|VB-VP-curb
or|NN-NP-marketing
but|DT-ADVP-all
since|RB-SBAR-probably
and|IN-PP-inside
and|NN-NP-excitement
and|CD-NP-1983
and|NNS-NP-counterparts
and|JJ-ADJP-electric-utility
and|NNS-NP-plants
and|VP-VP-VBD
and|NN-NP-operating
and|VP-VP-VBG
and|ADJP-ADJP-RBS-VBN
and|VBZ-VP-operates
and|NN-NP-Stock
and|VP-VP-VBN
and|NNP-NP-Industrial
and|NNS-NP-autos
and|NNP-NP-American
and|NNP-NP-Trial
and|NP-NP-CD-NN
and|VP-VP-VBP
or|NNS-NP-merits
and|NP-NP-PRP$-NNP-NNP-NN
or|-LRB--PRN--LRB-
much as|VB-VP-rise
and|RB-ADVP-there
or|CD-QP-12
and|VP-VP-VBZ
or|CD-QP-10
or|NX-NX-NX-PRN
and|NNP-NP-Hollywood
and|VP-VP-VBZ-NP-PRN-''
and|JJR-ADJP-redder
and|VP-VP-VBN-PRT
and|CD-NP-1991-1999
and|NNS-NP-coats
neither nor|CC-S-And
and|JJ-ADJP-Asian
and|JJ-ADJP-fresh
as soon as|NP-VP-PRP
or|*COLON*-S---
and|JJ-ADJP-Hostile
and|NNS-NP-commodities
and|NN-NP-worker
and|VP-VP-VBD-NP-PP-PP
and|VP-VP-VBZ-``-ADJP-''
and|NNP-NP-Industry
and|VP-VP-VBZ-VP
or|VB-VP-freeze
and|NNS-NP-businessmen
and|JJ-ADJP-waste-to-energy
and|NN-NP-hiring
and|NP-NP-JJR-JJ-NN-NNS
As if|None
and|NN-NP-insurance
and|ADJP-ADJP-RB-VBN
so|CC-VP-and
but|JJ-ADJP-small
but|*COLON*-PRN---
next|JJ-NP-early
much as|*COLON*-VP---
and|NNP-NP-Indianapolis
and|NNS-NP-surtaxes
or|NP-NP-NNS-NNS
in fact|*COMMA*-S-*COMMA*
and|*COLON*-PRN---
because|RB-SBAR-largely
and|JJ-ADJP-poor
and|JJ-ADJP-lackluster
and|NN-NP-oil
or|VBN-VP-doubled
as well|NP-NP-DT-NNS
and|NN-NP-distress
but|VP-VP-VBD-ADJP-PP
and|NN-NP-handling
further|DT-NP-that
or|NP-NP-DT-NNS
and|VP-UCP-VP-PRN
and|NN-NP-loan
or|NP-NP-DT-NNP
and|JJ-ADJP-psychological
and|NP-NP-DT-ADJP-NNP-NNP
and|VP-VP-VBP-DT-VP
and|NN-NP-testing
and|NNP-NP-Aldomet
and|NN-UCP-tax
and|NN-NP-merger
and|NP-NP-NP-NNP-NN
or|NN-NP-rape
as well|JJ-ADJP-positive
and|NNPS-NP-Homes
and|NN-NP-closing
but|VP-VP-VBZ-NP
and|NNP-NP-July
and|NNP-NP-MTV
as well|NP-NP-NNPS
rather|VBZ-VP-is
and|NNP-NP-Taipei
and|RB-ADVP-over
as well|*COMMA*-VP-*COMMA*
and|NP-NP-JJ
and|NNS-NP-photographs
and|NNP-NP-Ciba-Geigy
and|JJ-ADJP-competent
much as|VBN-VP-traded
now that|ADVP-VP-RB
and|NNP-NP-Rouge
as well|JJ-NP-own
and|NP-NP-NP-NNP-NNP-NNP-NN
and|NN-NP-energy
next|RB-NP-early
and|NNP-NP-Greece
because|ADVP-SBAR-ADVP-RB
and|NP-NP-NNP-CC-NNP-NNP-NN-NNS
and|NN-NP-tobacco
and|VP-VP-VBD-NP-ADVP-PP
or|NN-NP-surge
and|NN-NP-time
and|CD-QP-700*COMMA*000
or|NN-NP-rice
and|CD-QP-9*COMMA*000
as|RB-SBAR-though
and|*COLON*-SBAR---
and|NNP-NP-Campbell-Mithun
and|NN-NP-aid
and|NP-NP-JJ-NNP-NNP-NNP-NNP
as well|VB-VP-participate
and|NNP-NP-Nova
and|NNP-NP-Friday
or|NN-UCP-dozen
but|*COLON*-S---
and|VP-VP-VBZ-NP-PP
in turn|*COMMA*-PRN-*COMMA*
Whereas|None
or|NNS-NP-highs
and|VP-VP-VBD-PRT-NP
and|NP-NP-NN-NN-NNP-NNP-NNP
and|ADJP-UCP-VBG
or|CD-QP-600
and|NP-NP-DT-ADJP-CD-NN
and|NAC-NP-NNP-NNP-NNP-CD-*COMMA*-NNP-*COMMA*-NNP-*COMMA*
and|NNP-NP-SE\/30
and|VB-VP-identify
and|PRN-S-*COLON*-SBAR-*COLON*
and|NP-NP-DT-NNP-NN-NNS
and|JJ-ADJP-three-year
and|S-S-NP-NP
or|*COMMA*-FRAG-*COMMA*
as well|NP-VP-PRP
and|VBG-ADJP-indexing
before|IN-PP-as
and|NN-NP-diet
and|NNS-NP-backwards
and|VP-VP-VBN-PP
and|NNS-NP-lawyers
now that|NP-S-PRP$-NN
or|NNS-NP-funds
as a result|IN-PP-at
or|NN-NP-mustard
and|NN-NP-expense
and|VP-VP-VBD-PRT-NP-NP
and|NN-NP-Management
and|NNP-NP-Manhattan
and|RB-ADVP-half
and|NNS-NP-cities
as well|NP-NP-DT-JJ-NN
and|VB-VP-control
and|NN-NP-sophistication
and|NN-NP-metal
and|JJ-ADJP-piston-brake
but|VP-VP-VBZ-S
or|JJ-ADJP-high-grade
in fact|None
and|NNP-NP-Bennett
and|NP-NP-NNP
and|NNP-NP-Mikhail
or|NN-ADJP-study
and|NP-NP-NNS
and|NX-NX-JJ-CD
and|NN-NP-transport
and|NNS-NP-ads
now that|ADVP-VP-RBR
and|VP-VP-VBG-SBAR
and|RB-ADVP-far
and|NP-NP-PRP$-CD-JJ-NNP-NN-NNS
as a result|NP-VP-PRP$-JJ-NN-NNS
or|NP-NP-NP-*COMMA*-RB-NP
and|JJ-ADJP-prompt
and|NNP-NP-Caterpillar
unless|RBR-ADVP-more
and|PP-PP-IN-PP
or|NN-NP-employee
after|RB-SBAR-only
but|S-S-NP-VP-*COMMA*-''
and|NN-NP-automation
and|JJ-ADJP-British-owned
and|NNS-NP-resources
and|NNP-NP-Ralph
Regardless|None
and|NNP-NP-Connolly
or|NNP-NP-Infiniti
either or|WHNP-SBAR-WP
and|RB-ADVP-night
but|VP-VP-VBP-SBAR
and|NN-NP-maintenance
but|NP-NP-JJ-NNS
and|CD-NP-2010
and|CD-NP-2016
and|NNPS-NP-Sundays
and|CD-NP-2014
and|NN-NP-founder
and|NP-NP-VBN-JJ-NN-NNS
or|NN-NP-beginning
and|NNS-NP-Materials
but|PRN-S-*COLON*-SBAR-*COLON*
or|JJ-ADJP-continued
and|JJ-ADJP-small
but|*COMMA*-ADJP-*COMMA*
and|JJ-ADJP-sick
or|NN-NP-headline
but|JJ-ADJP-lovely
and|NN-NP-expansion
and|NNP-NP-ACLU
but|VP-VP-VBD-ADJP
and|VP-VP-VBZ-RB-VP
and|NN-NP-pride
and|JJ-ADJP-slow
and|JJ-ADJP-free
and|NN-NP-comptroller
and|VP-VP-ADJP-PP
and|NN-NP-engineering
and|NNS-NP-recalculations
else|NN-NP-nobody
but|NP-UCP-NP-PP
but|DT-NP-all
and|VBN-VP-picked
and|VBG-VP-producing
or|IN-PP-at
and|NNP-NP-Abraham
and|NNS-NP-digs
earlier|NP-ADVP-NNS
or|NN-NP-masonry
or|NNS-NP-weeks
and|RB-ADVP-up
and|NP-NP-NNP-NN-NNS
and|NN-UCP-pilot
so that|PP-VP-TO-NP
and|NN-NP-incest
in particular|NP-NP-DT-NN
though|NP-NP-DT
and|NN-NP-asthma
as soon as|ADVP-VP-RB
and|VP-VP-VBD-NP-PP-PP-PP
and|NNS-NP-originators
and|NN-NP-income
AS|NNP-NP-Selmer-Sande
and|NP-NP-NAC-NNP
and|NP-NP-DT-NNP-NNP-NNP-NNS
and|JJ-ADJP-hated
and|NP-NP-DT-NNP-NNP-NNP-NNP
and|NNS-NP-judges
as|JJ-PP-stalwart
and|NNS-NP-problems
else|JJ-NP-little
and|NNP-NP-Justice
and|VB-VP-enforce
next|PRP$-NP-our
or|NN-NP-interest
as|ADVP-PP-RB
and|NNP-NP-Iowa
and|VP-VP-VBD-NP-PP-PRN
ONCE|None
and|NP-NP-NP-*COMMA*-NP
and|NP-NP-NP-VBG-NN-NN
or|VP-VP-VBP-VP
and|NNP-NP-Belgique
and|JJ-ADJP-Large
plus|NP-NP-JJ-NNS
and|NNP-NP-Pirelli
and|VB-VP-manufacture
and|VP-VP-VBZ-PP-PP
and|NN-NP-order
or|NN-NP-dawn
and|JJ-ADJP-cervical
or|VP-VP-VBG-SBAR
earlier|NP-ADVP-NNS-CC-NNS
as|RB-ADJP-half
either or|*COMMA*-NP-*COMMA*
before|RB-PP-Shortly
and|NN-NP-polyester
and|NP-NP-DT-NNP-NNP-NNP
and|NNS-NP-highs
after|NP-PP-RB-NNS
and|RB-ADVP-back
and|NP-NP-RB-RB
As an alternative|None
and|JJ-ADJP-enthusiastic
and|*COLON*-ADJP---
if|RB-SBAR-Even
before|NP-SBAR-CD-NNS
and|NNS-NP-securities
or|VB-VP-double
and|NNP-NP-Copyright
for|RB-PP-even
as well|NP-NP-NNS-NNS
earlier|NP-ADVP-NN
or|JJ-UCP-criminal
as a result|NP-NP-PRP$-CD-NN
and|JJ-ADJP-enormous
and|NNP-NP-Francis
or|NX-NX-NN-NN
further|CC-ADVP-and
and|VB-VP-stumble
and|NN-UCP-trade
also|CONJP-NP-CC-RB
and|NNS-NP-illnesses
and|JJ-NP-third-quarter
and|NN-NP-gaming
and|NNS-NP-associations
but|VP-VP-VBP-PP
and|CD-QP-70*COMMA*000
and|JJ-ADJP-impressionist
and|JJ-ADJP-contorted
since|RB-SBAR-particularly
and|NNP-NP-Hungary
and|NN-NP-GNP
and|JJ-ADJP-fruitless
if|ADVP-SBAR-RB-RB
and|NNP-NP-Itel
and|NN-NP-house
after|RB-PP-just
and|NNS-NP-cups
and|NN-NP-tedious
and|*COLON*-VP---
and|NN-NP-adequacy
and|NNPS-NP-Europeans
and|NNP-NP-School
and|CD-QP-135
as|QP-ADVP-RB-CD-NNS
and|NN-NP-defense
and|NNS-NP-Blacks
and|VP-VP-VBG-NP-PP-PP
and|NNS-NP-cleaners
and|NN-NP-lung
as well|NP-NP-PRP$-JJ-JJ-NN
as though|VBZ-VP-appears
and|NN-NP-automobile
after|NP-SBAR-CD-NNS
as well|VBD-VP-soared
and|NNS-NP-desks
and|NN-NP-sell-off
as though|VBZ-VP-is
While|None
and|NN-NP-tar
and|NNP-NP-Medicine
or|*COMMA*-UCP-*COMMA*
and|NP-NP-JJR-JJ-NNS
or|*COMMA*-PRN-*COMMA*
and|NP-NP-NP-NN-NNS
and|JJ-ADJP-social
or|VP-VP-VBZ-PRT-PP
and|ADJP-UCP-NP-JJR
but|VP-VP-VBN-S
as long as|None
but|VP-VP-VBG-SBAR
much as|VP-VP-VBG-NP
since|RB-SBAR-Ever
and|NN-NP-control
or|JJ-ADJP-stagnant
and|NP-NP-NNP-CD
and|NN-NP-entertainment
and|VBN-ADJP-tried
and|VP-VP-VBD-ADVP
and|VP-VP-VBN-PP-NP
and|NN-NP-grower
and|NN-NP-syndicator
and|NNS-NP-Workers
and|JJ-ADJP-hub-and-spoke
and|NNS-NP-explosions
and|NP-NP-NP-SBAR-PRN
and|VBD-VP-chanted
later|RB-ADVP-no
else|RB-ADVP-somewhere
or|IN-PP-on
and|VB-VP-restructure
and|JJ-UCP-Australian
and|CD-QP-60
afterwards|None
and|NN-NP-district
and|NP-NP-DT-NN-NNP-NNP
since|ADVP-SBAR-RB
and|RB-ADVP-out
and|VP-VP-VBZ-ADJP-S
and|NNP-NP-Cherokee
as a result|*COMMA*-S-*COMMA*
and|NNP-NP-Korea
and|VP-VP-VBD-NP-PP-PP-NP
and|NN-NP-regulation
and|JJ-NP-military
and|NNS-NP-measures
and|VP-VP-VBD-PP-SBAR
or|VB-VP-weaken
and|NP-NP-NP-ADJP-PP
and|NNP-NP-Panama
and|NP-NP-NNPS-NNP-NNP
and|NNS-NP-bulls
and|NN-NP-protest
and|CD-NP-1948
and|NNS-NP-bans
and|NN-NP-construction
or|JJ-NP-same
and|NNS-NP-procedures
or|JJ-ADJP-easy
and|NN-NP-morale
and|NNS-NP-sales
Now that|``-S-``
yet|*COMMA*-ADVP-*COMMA*
or|NP-NP-NNP-NNPS-CC-NNS
and|NN-UCP-spacecraft
or|VBN-VP-raised
so|RB-ADVP-Even
and|NNS-NP-launches
and|NN-NP-merchandise
and|NNP-NP-King
and|NN-NP-firemen
and|NP-NP-JJ-NN-VBZ
and|NN-NP-optimism
since|RB-PP-Not
and|NNS-NP-wisecracks
or|NN-ADJP-commodity
and|NN-UCP-steel
and|JJ-ADJP-unsound
and|JJ-NP-pro-consumer
and|NN-UCP-unemployment
or|RBR-ADVP-more
and|JJ-NP-preferred
until|None
and|VBG-NP-shortening
and|NNS-NP-years
and|NNP-NP-Brookings
or|VB-VP-rise
and|VP-VP-VBP-SBAR
and|NN-NP-textile
and|NN-NP-polypropylene
and|NNP-NP-University
and|VP-VP-VB-PP
afterward|RB-ADVP-long
and|NNS-NP-constructions
but|VP-VP-VBD-NP-PP-NP
and|NNP-NP-Mixtec
as well|ADJP-VP-``-JJ-''
and|NNS-NP-cubs
and|S-S-S-*COMMA*-NP-VP
and|NNP-NP-Paramount
and|NN-NP-tennis
and|NP-NP-$-CD
and|VBN-VP-borrowed
so that|PP-VP-IN-NP
and|NP-NP-VBG-NN