process<--amod amod
not<--dep dep
owner<--det cc conj prep
are<--dep nsubj
people<--vmod
trouble<--amod
catch<--aux dobj
work<--aux
had<--nsubj aux prep
expected<--nsubj dobj
takes<--nsubj dobj cc conj
based<--pcomp
chairman<--poss
policy<--nn
operation<--poss
expenses<--nn
comply<--aux prep
bid<--det amod
Francisco<--nn possessive
Moody<--possessive
offer<--det nn
hope<--det prep
House<--det
U.S.<--det
want<--nsubj xcomp
Phelan<--nn
stock<--det possessive
FBI<--det
effects<--det prep
proposals<--nn
pence<--num appos dep
includes<--nsubj dobj
man<--det vmod
creation<--det prep
proposal<--det nn
loss<--det amod
lose<--nsubj aux dobj prep
investor<--det
opportunity<--det vmod
industry<--det amod
policy<--det
directors<--det amod
ABC<--cc conj
conversation<--det
be<--nsubj aux prep prep
ended<--nsubj prep prep
year<--poss amod amod
of<--pobj pcomp pobj
under<--pobj
Express<--nn possessive
Campeau<--possessive
acquisitions<--amod
said<--nsubj dep
level<--det nn
Congress<--cc conj
grew<--nsubj dobj prep prep
German<--amod
expected<--auxpass xcomp
veto<--det
amount<--det rcmod
lower<--advmod prep
proposal<--poss
age<--num
work<--poss
union<--det
meeting<--det prep
value<--poss
trip<--det
halt<--det
Moscow<--possessive
yen<--num
among<--pobj pobj
father<--poss
After<--pcomp
$<--num prep vmod
rose<--nsubj dobj prep prep
idea<--det prep
Thomson<--nn
trading<--nn nn nn nn amod
created<--prep
had<--prep nsubj xcomp
studies<--prep
years<--det num
difficulties<--amod
seeking<--nsubj aux dobj
between<--pcomp
more<--cc conj
paid<--prep
poll<--det vmod
decision<--det nn
Philippines<--det
many<--advmod advmod
Bank<--det nn
gain<--aux dobj
power<--amod
returns<--amod
ABC<--possessive
Until<--pobj
agents<--nn
program<--det amod nn
situation<--det
said<--dobj nsubj advmod ccomp
Corp.<--nn nn
market<--det amod nn
company<--det amod rcmod
able<--nsubj cop xcomp
Board<--det nn
room<--det nn
chance<--det
producers<--det
trying<--nsubj aux aux xcomp
Gelbart<--nn
couple<--det prep
report<--det amod
barrel<--det
Bank<--nn prep
comment<--det
forces<--amod
research<--nn
age<--det prep
build<--aux dobj
from<--pobj pobj advmod
benefits<--amod
Excluding<--dobj
dispute<--det
continue<--aux dobj
introduced<--tmod nsubj dobj
problem<--det prep
gain<--det amod
trillion<--number number
Development<--nn
put<--det
Vietnam<--possessive
options<--nn
police<--det
P&G<--possessive
bonds<--nn nn nn
be<--nsubj aux ccomp
take<--nsubj aux dobj prep
following<--det amod prep
using<--dobj
Financial<--nn
estate<--amod
miles<--num prep
sold<--aux auxpass prep
facility<--det
given<--nsubjpass aux auxpass dobj
finished<--nsubj prep advmod
try<--nsubj aux xcomp
Volume<--prep
Inc.<--nn nn nn conj cc conj
100<--quantmod
models<--amod
buy-outs<--amod
operators<--amod
released<--prep
experiment<--det
programs<--amod nn
Pictures<--nn
room<--det amod
one<--det prep
group<--det nn vmod
chief<--det nn
cut<--aux dobj
McCall<--possessive
amount<--nn
says<--mark nsubj ccomp
form<--det prep
be<--nsubj aux advmod advcl
get<--aux dobj prep
sort<--det prep
prevent<--aux dobj prep
giving<--iobj dobj
income<--amod nn
Inc.<--nn prep
efforts<--vmod
inquiry<--det
Bridge<--det nn
Valley<--det nn
Keating<--nn
to<--pobj cc conj pobj
developing<--dobj
appointed<--prep
Greenspan<--nn
offices<--det prep
Thursday<--amod
thought<--nsubj ccomp
cases<--amod
offset<--prep
chairman<--prep prep
pass<--aux dobj
one<--rcmod
America<--nn
see<--aux dobj
had<--nsubj aux dobj prep
$<--num appos
lives<--nsubj prep
businessmen<--amod
1986<--cc conj
magazines<--det
December<--num
Interstate<--nn
deadlines<--nn
news<--prep
$<--num cc conj num dep
rally<--poss
control<--amod
's<--advmod expl nsubj
Bank<--nn nn
added<--nsubj dobj prep
contracts<--nn
rose<--nsubj advmod prep prep
Ryder<--possessive
due<--nsubj cop dep
take<--aux dobj advcl
$<--quantmod number dep
resigned<--nsubj prep prep
called<--dobj nsubj dep
paid<--prep prep
Arizona<--possessive
$<--num dep num dep
helping<--dobj
world<--det amod
restructuring<--amod
decade<--det amod
say<--ccomp
women<--det
suit<--poss
law<--det nn
makers<--det nn
got<--advmod nsubj dobj
makers<--nn
first<--det
willing<--mark nsubj cop xcomp
Gorky<--possessive
dealing<--prep
Carter<--nn
light<--prep
in<--pobj cc conj pcomp
Vietnam<--nsubj cop poss
strategy<--poss prep
company<--det
Bork<--nn possessive
losses<--prep
customer<--det
corner<--det prep
critics<--det
investors<--amod
plan<--det vmod
each<--prep
getting<--dobj
scandals<--det nn
development<--amod
fraud<--cc conj
with<--pobj cc conj
necessary<--xcomp
lower<--npadvmod
earlier<--prep
Exchange<--poss nn
government<--amod
Europe<--cc conj
two<--cc conj
began<--prep nsubj xcomp
sort<--det
group<--det nn
Miller<--nn possessive
sure<--ccomp
B.A.T<--possessive
respond<--aux prep
Ltd.<--nn nn nn
said<--prep nsubj ccomp cc conj
cones<--amod nn nn dep
raises<--nsubj dobj
reviews<--amod
has<--prep nsubj dobj
City<--nn
cents<--num amod dep
received<--nsubj prep
has<--nsubj xcomp
pill<--det
pay<--aux prep
actions<--amod
rest<--det
past<--pobj
let<--ccomp
underwriters<--vmod
adding<--dobj
written<--prep
group<--det nn nn
price<--det amod amod
disobedience<--amod amod
know<--nsubj aux neg dobj
Morris<--nn possessive
dollar<--det nn
problems<--amod
morning<--nn
place<--prep
office<--poss nn
system<--poss amod
small<--advmod
Union<--det nn possessive
Within<--pobj
efforts<--amod vmod
down<--prep
consider<--nsubj xcomp
one<--prep prep
Europe<--nn cc conj
Georgia-Pacific<--possessive
reason<--det prep
in<--pobj pcomp
banks<--amod cc conj
drop<--poss
savings<--det cc conj
posted<--prep nsubj dobj prep
world<--det possessive
money<--poss
order<--amod
Stoll<--nn
markets<--amod amod
many<--dep
case<--det
sales<--cc conj
had<--dobj
vote<--aux prep
Union<--det nn
sales<--poss
reflects<--nsubj advmod dobj
expansion<--poss amod
industry<--amod
cuts<--amod prep
coupon<--det amod prep
economic<--cc conj
among<--advmod pobj
tests<--amod
certificates<--amod prep
Nov.<--num
homes<--poss
Officials<--prep
Kidder<--possessive
ventures<--amod nn
opinions<--amod
enough<--prep
By<--pobj
profit<--amod amod
assets<--det prep
managers<--det nn
bit<--det amod prep
injuries<--amod
one<--prep
owner<--prep
appeared<--mark nsubj xcomp
assistance<--nn
company<--poss possessive
Oct.<--num cc conj
avoid<--aux xcomp
comment<--nsubj aux neg prep
earned<--prep nsubj dobj advmod
president<--det amod nn nn
site<--det
thrifts<--amod
broker<--det
question<--nsubj dobj
believe<--aux ccomp
number<--det amod prep
8<--quantmod
many<--prep
November<--num
tests<--nn
change<--aux
magazines<--amod
Clara<--nn
think<--nsubj ccomp
reader<--det
minutes<--num
stock<--nn amod
income<--amod prep prep
The<--amod
equity<--det
have<--mark nsubj aux dobj
difficulty<--dep
company<--det nn possessive
belief<--det ccomp
spending<--nn
city<--det amod prep
officials<--amod nn
Bear<--conj cc conj
against<--pobj
government<--poss
is<--advmod expl nsubj
wanted<--nsubj xcomp
purchase<--det amod
change<--nsubj aux dobj
added<--nsubj
newspaper<--det
months<--prep
circumstances<--amod
submit<--aux dobj
1991<--amod
own<--nsubj advmod dobj
Elsewhere<--prep
show<--nsubj dobj
acquiring<--dobj
delivery<--prep
deterioration<--det prep
rate<--det amod nn prep
make<--aux dobj prep
Rally<--possessive
weeks<--det amod num
problem<--det
got<--mark nsubj prep
other<--prep
answer<--aux dobj
satisfaction<--nn
building<--dobj prep
way<--poss prep
increased<--nsubj dobj prep prep
Freeman<--nn
reported<--nsubj ccomp
ocean<--det
mid-1980s<--det
develop<--aux dobj prep
risks<--amod
interest<--poss
working<--prep
legislation<--det
took<--nsubj dobj prep
line<--det nn
Cross<--det nn
information<--amod
most<--prep
suggest<--nsubj ccomp
reason<--amod vmod
none<--prep
buyers<--nn
slow<--advmod
Ltd<--nn nn
slump<--det
technology<--det
suggests<--nsubj ccomp
political<--advmod
problem<--det amod
machines<--poss
own<--poss
Smith<--nn
week<--amod
declined<--xcomp
many<--advmod
Fed<--det possessive
marks<--num advmod num
own<--nsubj aux dobj
takeover<--det amod
lost<--prep
testimony<--poss
film<--det
money<--det amod
Corp.<--poss
CD<--det amod
plus<--pobj
gold<--cc conj
committee<--det nn
thing<--det amod rcmod
record<--det prep
bank<--det possessive
are<--mark expl nsubj
timing<--det prep
measures<--vmod
pushing<--dobj prep
charge<--prep
Care<--nn
use<--amod prep
management<--poss amod
rose<--mark nsubj prep prep
details<--prep
again<--advmod
gained<--nsubj dobj prep prep
received<--nsubj aux dobj prep
is<--advcl expl nsubj
had<--nsubj dobj cc conj
is<--nsubj
$<--quantmod number number prep
government<--det amod
bonds<--det nn num nn
weeks<--det amod amod
market<--det nn rcmod
denied<--nsubj dobj
state<--det prep
price<--det vmod
U.K.<--det cc conj
made<--nsubj xcomp
Jr.<--nn
Lorin<--nn
Friday<--amod possessive
seed<--det
statute<--det
operations<--poss
market<--det amod amod
business<--det nn
Korea<--nn cc conj
crash<--det num nn
employees<--poss
day<--det amod
handed<--prt prep
fast<--advmod
Mixte<--nn possessive
Guber<--nn cc conj
Mother<--nn
lines<--amod
Citicorp<--possessive
agreement<--det nn
lead<--nsubj aux prep
fee<--det
exclusion<--det
reaching<--dobj
bill<--poss
holder<--det
sophisticated<--advmod
seven<--prep
Beach<--nn
Despite<--pobj
talk<--prep
LDP<--det
$<--quantmod number number dep
Times<--det nn nn
countries<--amod amod
Army<--det
group<--det amod
run<--prep
investors<--det
available<--mark nsubj cop
industry<--det possessive
expected<--nsubjpass auxpass prep
attached<--prep
loans<--amod prep
Drexel<--possessive
spokeswoman<--det prep
note<--det
appeal<--det
task<--det amod prep
division<--det
stay<--aux
effect<--det
was<--nsubj xcomp
earth<--det possessive
watching<--dobj
firm<--det
activity<--det
prompted<--nsubj dobj
unit<--det
officials<--prep
Gulf<--det prep
season<--det
next<--prep
considered<--nsubjpass auxpass xcomp
club<--det
told<--prep nsubj dobj ccomp
supply<--det nn
%<--det amod num prep
assets<--det amod
Department<--det nn
position<--poss amod
one<--det amod
part<--poss
planet<--det
activities<--poss
Island<--nn
fears<--nn
Angeles<--nn
City<--nn nn
appropriations<--amod
days<--det prep
business<--nn
officials<--nn amod
Glass<--nn
year<--det possessive
day<--det det
report<--det prep
fetch<--nsubj aux dobj
community<--det nn
move<--aux advmod
of<--advmod pcomp pobj
decisions<--amod
period<--det amod vmod
are<--advmod expl nsubj
company<--det amod amod nn
suites<--det
line<--det prep
stores<--nn
percentage<--det amod prep
took<--nsubj dobj
%<--num
form<--det amod prep
cars<--amod prep
approach<--det amod
analysis<--nn
announcement<--poss
like<--advmod pobj
part<--det prep
land<--poss
shareholders<--nn
raised<--nsubj dobj
aid<--amod
$<--num quantmod number number
$<--num num dep
Antar<--nn
benefit<--det prep
are<--nsubj prep
Germany<--nn possessive
trend<--det
holders<--prep
way<--det vmod
time<--amod vmod
midst<--det prep
points<--num num cc conj
jobs<--num
eye<--det
leadership<--poss
partnership<--det
close<--det prep dep
purpose<--poss
%<--quantmod number dep dep number
worth<--poss prep
has<--nsubj dobj cc conj
loans<--prep prep
level<--det prep
of<--advmod mwe pobj pobj
growth<--amod prep
use<--nsubj dobj
owners<--nn
sales<--prep prep
hear<--aux dobj
response<--prep
tons<--num prep
industry<--det
finance<--cc conj
fund<--det amod
net<--prep
story<--poss
food<--amod
agency<--det amod
debentures<--det
Bush<--nn cc conj
employer<--poss
issues<--amod
million<--quantmod number
Brown<--nn
Airport<--poss nn
McDonald<--possessive
filing<--det
find<--aux dobj
spokesman<--det nn
17/32<--num
settlement<--det amod prep
gains<--prep
House<--det nn
said<--prep nsubj ccomp
Against<--pobj
Wednesday<--amod
development<--nn
affairs<--amod
director<--nn prep
volatile<--advmod
job<--poss amod
have<--nsubj aux xcomp cc conj
year<--det amod vmod
House<--nn
attempt<--det vmod
attended<--nsubj dobj
comes<--nsubj advmod
responsibility<--amod
audience<--det
bonds<--det
events<--amod
return<--poss
accused<--nsubj dobj prep
Housing<--cc conj
requirements<--nn
system<--det
measure<--aux dobj
move<--nsubj aux prep
Gruberova<--nn
allowed<--advmod nsubj xcomp
allow<--nsubj aux xcomp
do<--aux prep
0.2<--quantmod
system<--det amod rcmod
better<--advmod
come<--nsubj prep
president<--det prep
level<--det prep prep
receive<--aux dobj prep
case<--poss
airwaves<--det
trading<--nn nn
cases<--prep
top<--det prep
makes<--nsubj xcomp
tape<--amod
carry<--aux prt dobj
Sears<--possessive
Area<--det nn
division<--poss amod nn
so<--advmod
after<--advmod pobj
reunification<--amod
's<--nsubj ccomp
O'Kicki<--nn
for<--pobj pobj pobj
$<--num num num
going<--prep
proceedings<--amod
sold<--nsubj dobj prep
one<--quantmod
price<--det nn prep
summer<--amod
offer<--dobj
maximum<--det prep
climbed<--nsubj dobj prep
money<--vmod
screen<--det
lawyers<--det nn
business<--prep
Standard<--cc conj possessive
night<--amod
agency<--det possessive
loans<--amod amod
administration<--det nn possessive
higher<--npadvmod cc conj
world<--det prep
purchase<--det amod prep
survey<--det nn
reduces<--nsubj dobj prep
traders<--nn
cost<--nsubj aux iobj dobj
car<--det possessive
country<--det
%<--number dep dep number
goods<--det
sold<--prep
bit<--det
at<--pobj
comes<--nsubj prep
yesterday<--advmod
hoped<--nsubj aux ccomp
assets<--vmod
extent<--det ccomp
made<--prep
woman<--det possessive
returns<--amod prep
defense<--det amod prep
%<--prep nsubj cop num
pace<--det amod
company<--det possessive det
beginning<--nsubj aux xcomp
city<--det amod
Friday<--rcmod
off<--pobj prep
kind<--det prep
be<--nsubj aux advmod prep
tied<--prep
days<--amod
fears<--prep
owed<--prep
much<--prep
boom<--det nn
rose<--nsubj prep
Republicans<--amod
chip<--det
slipped<--nsubj dobj prep
up<--pobj prep
highs<--amod
living<--prep
June<--amod
out<--pobj
via<--pobj
1960s<--det
seats<--num
helps<--nsubj xcomp
Reagan<--nn possessive
Series<--num
acquired<--prep nsubj dobj
Va.<--nn
price<--det nn nn
won<--nsubj dobj
Co.<--nn
times<--quantmod number
lower<--aux dobj
Davis<--nn
acquisition<--det nn
hit<--mark nsubj dobj
people<--num prep
October<--amod
declined<--nsubj xcomp cc conj
operates<--dobj
cause<--poss
12<--quantmod
sought<--prep
Johnson<--nn
companies<--nn nn
closed<--mark nsubj
named<--nsubjpass auxpass xcomp xcomp
equipment<--nn
groups<--amod nn
costs<--nn
in<--pobj pobj pobj pobj
trade<--amod
fixed<--aux auxpass
were<--nsubj advmod
Morishita<--nn
houses<--amod nn
completed<--mark nsubjpass auxpass
Sotheby<--possessive
party<--det nn
60<--quantmod
media<--det
damage<--det prep
reported<--nsubj dobj
1990<--cc conj
strategy<--poss
bran<--nn
list<--det amod
boss<--poss
income<--prep
reported<--nsubj advmod dobj
paying<--prep
culture<--amod
production<--det prep
Whittington<--nn
power<--det vmod
steal<--aux dobj
managed<--prep
Hooker<--nn
's<--nsubj prep
10<--number dep
delivery<--amod
morning<--det prep
base<--det prep
Communists<--det
paper<--det
dealings<--amod
cut<--aux dobj prep
question<--det prep
voted<--nsubj xcomp
to<--pcomp pobj
hand<--det
period<--poss amod
trips<--amod
500<--quantmod
elderly<--det
four<--quantmod
reduction<--det prep
comptroller<--det possessive
effort<--det
rooms<--amod
lost<--dobj prep
years<--poss prep
drugs<--amod
says<--nsubj ccomp cc conj
Engelken<--nn
noted<--nsubj ccomp
hour<--det
dramatic<--advmod
violated<--mark nsubj dobj
trends<--nn prep dep
laws<--det prep
Series<--det nn
bonds<--amod amod
said<--ccomp nsubj prep
return<--nsubj aux prep
team<--det nn
Democrats<--det
Washington<--dep
Lebanon<--possessive
association<--det
closer<--prep
filed<--prep prep
with<--advmod pobj
crunch<--det nn
leaving<--dobj prep
leaders<--det amod
growth<--nn
sold<--nsubjpass auxpass prep
direction<--det amod
deals<--amod
proposals<--amod
country<--poss
yield<--nsubj prep prep
move<--poss
points<--num num
Wang<--possessive
Corp<--nn nn nn
investor<--det amod
paintings<--det
speculation<--det
called<--acomp
had<--prep nsubj dobj prep
parent<--poss appos
official<--det nn nn
Lorenzo<--nn
prices<--nn nn nn
officer<--amod nn prep
without<--pobj
boulevard<--det
billion<--number number number
jumped<--nsubj dobj prep
Moon<--nn possessive
shares<--nn vmod
computers<--det
variety<--det prep
moves<--det
restrictions<--amod
health<--poss amod
operations<--amod
$<--num dep cc conj num
house<--det
cash<--cc conj
have<--nsubj aux ccomp
account<--det
issue<--det prep
managers<--det
Reagan<--nn
crimes<--det
paid<--nsubj dobj prep
game<--det nn
Westinghouse<--possessive
up<--pobj
RATE<--amod dep
happened<--nsubj
opportunities<--amod nn
happens<--nsubj prep
plants<--amod
experience<--amod prep
say<--advmod nsubj ccomp
bid<--det nn
$<--num prep
tax<--det nn
to<--pobj pobj
$<--num prep prep
$<--quantmod quantmod number number dep
plants<--det
damage<--det
fall<--det
union<--det possessive
made<--prep nsubj dobj prep
details<--det amod
Board<--det nn prep
company<--det det
company<--det dep
Carolina<--nn
keep<--aux dobj
attract<--aux dobj
replete<--prep
happens<--mark nsubj
one<--aux cop prep
yield<--det amod amod prep
high<--advmod
time<--vmod
Germany<--nn
At<--mwe
rejected<--nsubj dobj
City<--nn appos
control<--amod prep
engine<--det amod
maker<--det nn
wave<--det prep
projects<--det
recorders<--nn
York-based<--amod
having<--nsubj aux dobj
administration<--det nn
investment<--det amod
mergers<--cc conj
likely<--mark nsubj cop xcomp
earnings<--amod
entering<--dobj
hope<--nsubj xcomp
action<--det
plans<--det amod
quality<--det prep
found<--nsubj ccomp
agency<--det nn
return<--det prep
problems<--det nn
do<--nsubj aux prep
expected<--xcomp
youth<--poss
crisis<--det nn
addressing<--dobj
jurors<--det
experience<--det
from<--pobj cc conj pobj
lack<--prep
bill<--det amod nn
sector<--det amod
maintain<--aux
banning<--dobj
Green<--nn
of<--pobj mwe pobj pobj
had<--advmod nsubj dobj
do<--aux advmod prep
close<--aux prep prep
ought<--nsubj xcomp
sports<--amod
investment<--det
facts<--det
only<--neg
outside<--pobj
assets<--poss
loan<--det amod
trial<--det nn
million<--number
avoid<--aux dobj
get<--aux dobj
seems<--nsubj
citing<--dobj
gave<--nsubj dobj
below<--npadvmod pobj
active<--advmod
side<--det prep
copies<--num
women<--amod
trading<--amod nn
sales<--amod prep
possibilities<--amod
bid<--det amod prep
Maynard<--nn
week<--det amod
level<--poss
levels<--amod
everything<--rcmod
meeting<--det
quarters<--det amod num
one<--nsubj prep
integration<--amod
Group<--nn possessive
experts<--amod
currency<--poss amod
issues<--num
had<--tmod nsubj dobj
raise<--nsubj aux dobj
Co<--nn nn nn
students<--nn
buy<--nsubj aux dobj advmod
viewed<--nsubjpass auxpass prep
pressure<--amod
do<--nsubj dobj
For<--pcomp
Union<--nn
population<--poss
Kasparov<--nn
seen<--prep
goods<--amod
provide<--nsubj aux dobj prep
introduced<--advmod nsubj dobj
end<--mark nsubj aux prep
landing<--det amod
attributed<--nsubj dobj prep
post<--poss
backed<--nsubjpass auxpass prep
firms<--nn
edition<--poss
plunge<--det amod prep
loans<--amod nn
money<--amod amod
faces<--nsubj dobj prep
live<--nsubj prep
designing<--dobj
is<--mark nsubj ccomp
ended<--nsubj tmod prep
contract<--det possessive
asked<--dobj xcomp
earned<--nsubj dobj prep
contracts<--det
rates<--poss
on<--pobj cc conj
received<--nsubj aux dobj
Inc.<--nn
countries<--det amod
along<--pobj
FHA<--det
lawyer<--poss
said<--ccomp nsubj vmod
countries<--amod
technology<--amod nn
$<--num num prep
bills<--amod
17<--quantmod
September<--num
showing<--dobj
of<--mwe pobj pobj pobj
trucks<--amod
International<--nn nn
machines<--amod
campaign<--det
gave<--nsubj iobj dobj
him<--cc conj
stretch<--det amod prep
View<--nn
years<--prep
legislation<--det amod
use<--nsubj aux dobj prep
aid<--prep
hundreds<--prep
put<--aux prt dobj
ending<--tmod
facing<--dobj
people<--det amod
demand<--prep
Tuesday<--amod
trading<--amod nn nn nn nn
figures<--nn
program<--poss nn
issue<--det nn
high<--mark nsubj cop advmod
work<--poss amod
before<--pobj
expected<--prep nsubjpass auxpass xcomp
court<--amod
program<--poss amod nn
information<--nn
continue<--aux prep
aspects<--amod prep
show<--aux ccomp
industry<--det nn possessive
slowdown<--det amod
used<--nsubjpass auxpass prep
market<--det nn
office<--poss amod
thinking<--ccomp
charter<--det
make<--nsubj ccomp
As<--pcomp
deliver<--aux dobj prep
council<--det
premium<--det amod prep prep
unit<--det amod
room<--det
president<--nn prep
executive<--det
items<--det
farmer<--det
centers<--nn
urged<--nsubj dobj xcomp
changes<--amod prep
noting<--ccomp
stake<--poss amod prep
president<--amod nn prep
margin<--det amod
nothing<--cc conj
document<--det
depending<--prep
months<--det num vmod
designed<--nsubjpass auxpass xcomp
opposing<--dobj
$<--quantmod quantmod number dep
homes<--amod cc conj
Fe<--nn
on<--pobj pobj pobj
study<--det prep
return<--prep
share<--det
bid<--aux prep
have<--aux dobj prep
consumers<--amod
get<--nsubj aux dobj
responsibility<--prep
prices<--nn
transactions<--amod
return<--det amod
have<--mark nsubj dobj
$<--quantmod number prep
agrees<--nsubj ccomp
plant<--det amod
sold<--ccomp nsubjpass aux auxpass prep
judge<--det
than<--pcomp
Fund<--det nn nn
told<--nsubjpass auxpass ccomp
Palestinians<--det
of<--pcomp
see<--aux advcl
favor<--poss
since<--pcomp
set<--nsubj prt dobj
prepared<--nsubj cop xcomp
produce<--aux dobj
wrote<--ccomp nsubj
rose<--nsubj dobj prep cc conj
offering<--det amod
of<--pobj cc conj pobj
bunch<--det prep
senators<--det
glare<--det prep
stocks<--nn nn
lost<--nsubj aux dobj prep
troubled<--advmod
American<--nn
result<--nsubj aux prep
charged<--nsubjpass auxpass prep
budget<--poss
Warner<--possessive
pressure<--nn
putting<--dobj prep
power<--det
stake<--det nn
occasions<--amod
atop<--pobj
demand<--nn
added<--ccomp
turn<--aux dobj
chain<--det
advantage<--det prep
U.S.S.R.<--det
sell<--aux advmod
from<--pobj tmod pobj tmod
hours<--num prep
reoffered<--nsubjpass aux neg auxpass advmod
playing<--dobj
fell<--mark nsubj advmod
reason<--vmod
put<--nsubj dobj prep
sense<--amod
appears<--nsubj prep
changes<--amod
Airlines<--nn nn
outcome<--det prep
warrant<--num amod vmod
run<--det amod
slew<--det prep
residents<--prep
refused<--nsubj xcomp
letter<--det prep vmod
came<--nsubj prep prep
mortgages<--amod
recital<--det
Corp.<--nn rcmod
start<--det prep
profit<--poss amod
Some<--prep
controls<--amod
produces<--nsubj dobj
want<--dobj nsubj
bid<--poss
Krenz<--nn possessive
fell<--nsubj dobj prep prep
claim<--det prep
officer<--nn amod
debate<--det
Gorbachev<--nn
brought<--prt prep
rule<--det amod
quake<--det
has<--cc nsubj dobj
dollar<--det possessive
credit<--amod
processing<--dobj
Sinyard<--nn possessive
years<--det amod num
Valley<--nn
technology<--poss
device<--det
Inc.<--nn nn nn possessive
companies<--amod nn
write<--nsubj aux dobj
works<--nsubj prep
expectations<--poss
legislation<--amod amod
take<--aux dobj advmod
chamber<--det
involved<--nsubjpass aux auxpass prep
deficit<--det nn nn
half<--poss amod
Yields<--prep
support<--aux dobj
several<--prep
1980s<--det
months<--num
off<--pobj
1950s<--det
seen<--nsubj aux dobj
Ford<--cc conj
Honecker<--nn cc conj
serving<--dobj
officers<--amod
balloon<--det
leaders<--nn
companies<--amod prep
job<--poss
going<--nsubj aux xcomp
equipment<--amod nn
provision<--det amod
charges<--amod prep prep
meaning<--ccomp
companies<--poss amod
reached<--nsubj dobj
%<--num prep num prep cc num conj prep
accepting<--dobj
as<--pobj cc conj pobj
securities<--dep
Bank<--nn
Traders<--rcmod
all<--advmod prep
sorts<--det prep
disclose<--nsubj aux dobj
Brawer<--nn
Report<--nn nn nn nn
earthquake<--det
settle<--aux dobj
wish<--nsubj ccomp
by<--advmod
disclose<--aux dobj
act<--aux prep
can<--dobj nsubj
office<--det amod
firm<--poss
had<--prep nsubj dobj
million<--number num
closed<--nsubj prep advmod prep
crime<--det
before<--npadvmod
January<--amod
stuff<--det
Ogilvy<--cc conj
process<--det amod
$<--num num cc conj
record<--poss nn
issue<--det amod
Gorbachev<--nn possessive
maintain<--aux dobj prep
share<--det amod prep
defend<--aux dobj prep
up<--cc conj
raise<--aux dobj prep
ended<--nsubj acomp advcl
tied<--nsubjpass auxpass prep
higher<--npadvmod
subject<--det
access<--amod prep
men<--det
banks<--nn
some<--prep prep
month<--amod
exchange<--det nn
continue<--mark nsubj xcomp
shares<--poss amod amod
colleagues<--poss
news<--det amod
Seagram<--possessive
director<--prep
fears<--ccomp
movement<--det amod
cited<--nsubj dobj
suit<--det amod
area<--det amod
supposed<--nsubjpass auxpass xcomp cc conj
continue<--nsubj xcomp
through<--pobj pobj
restructuring<--det prep
was<--nsubj advmod
values<--nsubj dobj prep
underwriter<--det
returns<--poss
ceiling<--det
$<--quantmod dep number number
Nicaragua<--possessive
apples<--amod
few<--advmod
giant<--det nn
Proponents<--prep
stock<--prep dep
Islands<--det nn
Benson<--cc conj
ownership<--amod prep
couple<--det amod prep
plunge<--poss
month<--det amod
holiday<--det
stocks<--amod vmod
end<--det prep
support<--nn prep
operations<--det
York<--nn
leveraged<--advmod
staffers<--nn
looking<--nsubj aux advmod prep
room<--det prep
coming<--nsubj prep
Mirage<--det
efforts<--poss nn
much<--advmod advmod
department<--det
planned<--det advmod num
since<--pobj
FTC<--det
coast<--det
classes<--num
costs<--det
shares<--num amod
array<--det amod prep
open<--aux dobj prep
feel<--nsubj acomp
magazine<--det
control<--nn
holds<--nsubj advmod dobj
position<--poss
Poland<--possessive
increases<--amod nn
shareholders<--det
floor<--det nn
side<--det amod
Throughout<--pobj
output<--prep
went<--nsubj prep prep
shares<--num amod amod
Morgan<--nn
Korean<--amod
are<--nsubj prep prep
ties<--amod
%<--dep
Stein<--nn
Department<--det nn possessive
long<--advmod
years<--det
Florio<--nn
wake<--det prep
Chicago<--cc conj
shift<--det prep
all<--prep
competition<--amod
conditions<--nn
indicated<--nsubj ccomp
information<--prep
control<--poss prep
maker<--det prep
time<--det amod vmod
index<--poss amod
seem<--nsubj aux neg xcomp
rights<--prep
include<--nsubj advmod dobj
aware<--nsubj cop neg prep
consists<--nsubj prep
attempt<--det amod vmod
product<--poss amod amod
Thursday<--possessive
involves<--nsubj dobj
president<--det
rooms<--nn
underwriters<--det
He<--cc conj
funding<--amod prep
profit<--det amod
part<--det amod
Each<--prep
named<--nsubjpass auxpass xcomp
index<--det amod
announced<--prep nsubj ccomp
IMF<--det
of<--dep pobj
bank<--det nn
tries<--mark nsubj xcomp
requires<--nsubj dobj
rate<--det rcmod
1/4<--number number
Friday<--det amod
told<--ccomp nsubj dobj
Wall<--nn
words<--det
compete<--aux advmod prep
see<--nsubj aux neg dobj
staff<--amod
costing<--dobj
discipline<--amod
up<--pobj prep prep
quarter<--det prep
preventing<--dobj prep
200<--quantmod
Besides<--pcomp
afternoon<--det
way<--poss
led<--nsubj prep
able<--nsubj aux cop xcomp
Marcos<--nn
due<--tmod
Lawson<--nn possessive
note<--det amod
dozen<--quantmod quantmod
plan<--det amod
ended<--nsubj prep advmod
seem<--nsubj aux xcomp
deal<--det amod prep
5/8<--number number
get<--aux advmod
rise<--det amod prep cc conj
signed<--prep
common<--advmod
address<--aux dobj
has<--nsubj dobj prep
million<--num
states<--num amod
3/8<--num
Mae<--nn
create<--aux dobj
freedom<--nn
as<--mwe pobj pobj
pro<--dep
year<--advmod det
century<--det amod
notes<--amod
counterparts<--poss amod
capital<--amod prep
material<--amod
dozen<--det
revenue<--poss amod
official<--det nn
Reserve<--det nn
it<--det
person<--det amod
closed<--nsubj dobj prep
questions<--prep
offering<--iobj dobj
chain<--det nn
say<--aux
election<--det
cabinet<--poss
term<--det prep
$<--quantmod quantmod number number prep
increases<--nn prep
announced<--prep nsubj dobj
alleges<--nsubj ccomp
service<--nn
were<--mark nsubj xcomp
deadline<--det
lists<--nsubj dobj
authority<--det amod nn
reducing<--dobj
reducing<--dobj prep
end<--det amod prep
weakness<--prep
prepare<--aux prep
receive<--nsubj dobj
author<--det
guy<--det
Moon<--nn
sources<--amod nn
found<--prep nsubj ccomp
gene<--det amod
stake<--det amod
company<--det amod vmod
2,500<--quantmod
say<--prep nsubj ccomp
stock<--det nn
center<--det
Navy<--det
items<--amod
security<--amod
Medical<--nn
efficient<--advmod
Board<--det nn nn
problems<--det amod
compares<--nsubj prep
card<--det
least<--det advmod
polls<--det
conviction<--poss
neighborhood<--det amod
orders<--amod
adds<--nsubj ccomp
basis<--det amod
scandal<--det nn
case<--det amod
along<--dep
Hampshire<--nn
CBOE<--det
mean<--nsubj aux ccomp
know<--aux
program<--poss amod
limit<--aux dobj
decision<--poss
continue<--nsubj aux
issues<--amod prep
notion<--det ccomp
limits<--nn
dozens<--prep
on<--pcomp pobj
range<--det
attitude<--det
cycle<--det
league<--det
buy<--aux dobj advmod
provides<--nsubj dobj prep
11<--quantmod
mart<--nn
announced<--nsubj dobj
BPCA<--det
administration<--det
group<--det possessive
period<--det
anything<--amod
Exchange<--det nn prep
securities<--poss
close<--prep
settle<--aux prep
masters<--amod
organization<--det
experiments<--det
carry<--nsubj dobj
remained<--nsubj prep
rebuild<--aux dobj
cancer<--nn
revenue<--amod
company<--det rcmod
tried<--nsubj xcomp
is<--csubj ccomp
payments<--amod
discussions<--prep
bottom<--det prep
weeks<--det amod
sense<--det amod prep
voters<--amod
history<--poss amod
figures<--amod amod
doctors<--amod
Inc.<--nn nn nn nn
judgment<--amod
creating<--dobj
February<--num
what<--advmod
buildings<--amod
provide<--nsubj aux dobj
insurer<--det
approval<--nn
Wald<--nn
failed<--mark nsubj xcomp
Ross<--nn
one<--prep dep
policies<--amod nn
small<--cc conj
pilot<--poss
stake<--poss prep
trading<--nn nn nn amod
programs<--nn nn nn
game<--det
did<--nsubj dobj
slipped<--nsubj dobj prep prep
businesses<--poss amod
Part<--prep
meeting<--dobj
operations<--prep
books<--det
proposal<--det amod nn
used<--advmod
parts<--amod
data<--nn
$<--dep number dep number dep
buy<--aux prep
achieved<--prep
Donaldson<--conj cc conj
weight<--det prep
involved<--prep
year<--amod amod
spirits<--amod
chief<--prep
revive<--aux dobj
volume<--det prep
Machines<--nn nn
Games<--det num nn
occurred<--nsubj prep
network<--det amod nn
said<--nsubj
firm<--det possessive
table<--det
plant<--det nn
affect<--nsubj aux neg dobj
14<--quantmod
division<--det amod
total<--det prep
index<--det nn amod
growth<--amod amod
reported<--nsubj dobj tmod
debt<--amod
days<--det amod amod
dropped<--nsubj dobj prep
received<--nsubj dobj prep
succeed<--aux dobj
closed<--prep nsubj prep advmod
tons<--num amod prep
unit<--poss nn nn
month<--num
rate<--poss nn
All<--prep
employee<--det amod
in<--dep pobj
responsible<--prep
supported<--prep
money<--det
carrying<--dobj
statement<--poss
time<--nsubj cop det amod rcmod
exception<--det prep
brother<--poss
operations<--amod nn
%<--det amod num
points<--num
chances<--det prep
outside<--pcomp
take<--nsubj aux neg dobj xcomp
sell<--aux dobj advcl
added<--nsubj ccomp
after<--npadvmod pobj
Kong<--nn
any<--mark
Commission<--det nn
issue<--det amod rcmod
swings<--amod prep
meeting<--poss amod prep
March<--num
ignoring<--dobj
1/2<--number
news<--nsubj cop amod prep
Michael<--possessive
says<--nsubj ccomp
signals<--amod
Indians<--amod
closed<--nsubj advmod
helped<--nsubj xcomp
$<--num dep num
slide<--det amod prep
pace<--det prep
joined<--nsubj aux dobj
items<--amod prep
Arabs<--det
affecting<--dobj
consultants<--det
Dow<--det
TV<--nn
company<--det nn amod
house<--det nn
restrictions<--nn
financial<--cc conj
series<--det amod prep
one<--nsubj cop prep cc conj
advanced<--nsubj dobj prep prep
chair<--det
Back<--prep
likely<--nsubj cop neg xcomp
prompted<--nsubj xcomp
site<--det nn
changes<--prep
$<--quantmod quantmod quantmod number dep
damaged<--prep
holders<--det nn
combination<--det prep
expire<--aux tmod
net<--amod
walls<--det
results<--poss
University<--nn nn
is<--nsubj ccomp cc conj
media<--det amod
reduce<--dobj
appetite<--det prep
cost<--det prep
buy<--aux
hold<--aux dobj
offering<--nsubj aux dobj
commit<--aux dobj
were<--expl nsubj
Through<--pobj
Hanover<--nn
operates<--nsubj dobj
regulators<--nn nn
bank<--det amod prep
violations<--amod prep
among<--pobj
direction<--det rcmod
company<--det vmod
meeting<--det amod
reserves<--nn
above<--pobj
Masson<--nn
all<--advmod
Corp.<--nn nn appos
Hungary<--cc conj
back<--det prep
building<--det
run<--nsubj aux dobj
race<--det amod
from<--pobj tmod
car<--poss
ended<--nsubj prep
into<--pcomp
owned<--advmod
city<--det
quarter<--det vmod
evidence<--det
maker<--det amod nn
election<--poss
lines<--poss nn
selling<--prt dobj
Management<--cc conj
are<--dobj nsubj
years<--det amod
becoming<--xcomp
is<--nsubj prep advcl
costs<--amod prep
society<--poss
Organization<--det nn
Digital<--nn
consumption<--amod
$<--num dep
deals<--det
month<--det
competition<--prep
correct<--aux dobj
public<--det
area<--det
of<--pobj pobj pobj
machines<--det
brand<--det amod prep
kill<--aux dobj
newspaper<--poss amod amod
resigned<--nsubj prep
looking<--advmod nsubj aux prep
Germans<--nn
leaders<--poss
having<--xcomp
believed<--nsubj ccomp
contract<--poss
analyst<--det prep
chance<--det prep
interest<--poss prep
core<--det prep
million<--number number number
One<--dep
analysts<--det
estimated<--nsubjpass auxpass prep
one<--prep vmod
century<--det
likely<--nsubj cop advmod xcomp
is<--nsubj dep
as<--pobj pobj pobj
half-hour<--det
line<--poss amod
from<--pobj pobj prep
Under<--pobj
gain<--det amod prep
acquisition<--det amod prep
ended<--nsubj tmod
directs<--nsubj dobj
rose<--mark nsubj dobj prep
shore<--aux prt dobj
Net<--prep
failure<--det prep
name<--det dep
Hunt<--nn
used<--prep prep
career<--poss amod
difference<--det
performance<--det prep
head<--det prep
technology<--amod
set<--prep
manage<--aux dobj
Congress<--det
keeping<--xcomp
profit<--prep
aftermath<--det prep
offer<--poss
expected<--nsubjpass auxpass xcomp cc conj
use<--det prep
5<--quantmod
loss<--det prep
station<--det
securities<--nn nn
rose<--nsubj advmod
currencies<--amod
made<--mark nsubjpass auxpass prep
Noriega<--nn
choice<--det prep
advise<--aux dobj
Agnos<--nn
end<--aux dobj
materials<--amod
ads<--prep
truth<--det
means<--nsubj dobj
services<--amod
offering<--det amod prep
auction<--det
deal<--det vmod
Rated<--acomp prep cc conj
have<--aux nsubj dobj
road<--det
season<--amod
20<--quantmod quantmod quantmod
interest<--det amod prep
dividend<--det amod
said<--nsubjpass auxpass xcomp
are<--nsubj prep cc conj
president<--poss
yield<--det prep
management<--poss
holders<--det
met<--nsubj dobj
protection<--nn
law<--det vmod
money<--det vmod
benefits<--amod nn
subsidiary<--nsubj cop det prep
complex<--advmod
Co.<--nn nn prep
firms<--det
form<--aux dobj
try<--aux xcomp
cut<--det nn
is<--mark nsubj advmod
growth<--det prep
anyone<--rcmod
going<--advmod advmod
Corp.<--nn nn prep
funds<--nn nn nn
style<--poss
management<--amod
share<--poss amod prep
dollars<--num
Democrats<--amod
wanted<--nsubj dobj
Community<--det nn
provision<--det
development<--det prep
space<--nn
week<--det vmod
hiring<--dobj
factors<--amod
's<--mark nsubj advmod
interests<--det amod prep
take<--aux dobj
part<--nsubj cop advmod prep
Stanley<--nn cc conj
year<--det prep
mail<--amod
question<--nsubj ccomp
children<--det
weight<--amod
declared<--nsubj dobj
Having<--dobj
products<--amod prep
chairman<--nn prep
together<--prep
try<--nsubj xcomp
credit<--det nn prep
making<--dobj prep
commercial<--cc conj
involved<--nsubj dobj
surged<--nsubj dobj prep
Russians<--det
side<--det nn
response<--det prep
efforts<--det
believes<--nsubj ccomp
part<--det amod vmod
measures<--nn
coupled<--prep
are<--prep expl nsubj
adults<--num dep
growth<--prep
scheduled<--prep
disaster<--det
earthquake<--det nn
portfolio<--det
net<--amod prep
II<--nn nn
while<--det
Texas<--cc conj
to<--pobj pcomp
due<--prep
about<--advmod pobj
strength<--poss
gas<--amod
afternoon<--nn
episode<--det
trial<--det amod
gap<--det
audit<--det nn
specialists<--det
role<--poss amod
information<--det prep
Paribas<--possessive
finding<--dobj
selling<--amod
bid<--det vmod
sales<--det
gain<--det
less<--advmod
survey<--poss dep
Life<--nn cc conj
announced<--tmod nsubj dobj
hours<--prep
Constitution<--det
way<--det prep
vote<--det prep
life<--det amod prep
wonder<--nsubj ccomp
believe<--mark nsubj ccomp
dollar<--det
rights<--det
months<--det amod amod
stores<--det
decline<--det nn
absorb<--aux dobj
impact<--det prep
intended<--xcomp
businesses<--amod nn
units<--num
drop<--det amod prep prep
executive<--amod
places<--nsubj dobj prep
officials<--nn rcmod
equivalent<--det prep
provisions<--amod
dating<--prep
Bridge<--det nn nn
blacks<--cc conj
join<--aux dobj
price<--poss
expect<--mark nsubj
face<--det prep
News<--nn
begin<--aux dobj prep
week<--advmod amod
hard<--advmod
makes<--nsubj ccomp
deficit<--det
job<--det amod prep
evidence<--ccomp
saw<--nsubj dobj
due<--dep dep
carries<--nsubj dobj
stake<--poss
resignation<--poss
business<--det
pending<--pobj
thinks<--nsubj ccomp
Mac<--nn possessive
show<--det nn
February<--amod
Bank<--det prep
subsidiary<--det prep
enough<--advmod
groups<--num prep
managers<--poss
mains<--nn
Jones<--nn
decade<--det
not<--dep
tools<--nn
Sales<--prep
Courter<--nn
have<--mark nsubj aux neg dobj
%<--num cc conj prep
remain<--nsubj aux prep
sold<--nsubj dobj prep prep
goal<--det amod
before<--pcomp
court<--det amod
was<--prep nsubj advmod
certificates<--dep amod nn amod
boost<--dobj
funds<--poss
person<--det
picture<--det
told<--nsubj dobj parataxis
view<--det prep
Before<--pcomp
people<--possessive
Communications<--nn
Lawson<--nn
ministry<--det
considering<--nsubj aux dobj
protection<--amod
markets<--poss amod nn
promise<--poss vmod
efficiently<--advmod
ruling<--det
loans<--nn
gain<--det amod prep prep
quoted<--nsubjpass auxpass advmod prep xcomp prep
interest<--amod
companies<--amod amod
Breeden<--nn
gains<--amod
forces<--det prep
at<--pobj pobj
Street<--det
cuts<--nn
estimate<--det amod prep
story<--det
Sciences<--nn
ounces<--nsubj cop det amod num
use<--nsubj aux dobj xcomp
business<--det amod nn
Committee<--det nn nn nn
double-A-minus<--prep
reflect<--aux dobj
driving<--prt dobj
banks<--det
sales<--amod dep
name<--poss
allow<--nsubj xcomp
Corp.<--nn nn nn
Rahn<--nn
government<--det possessive
settlement<--det
cities<--num
volume<--poss amod prep
service<--amod nn
daughter<--poss
Writing<--pcomp
's<--expl advmod nsubj
action<--amod
streets<--det
third<--cc conj
is<--dobj nsubj
established<--prep
results<--amod vmod
age<--det amod
making<--xcomp
computer<--det possessive
bond<--poss amod amod
similar<--prep
buying<--dobj prep
show<--aux dobj
president<--det amod nn prep
reporters<--nn
tried<--mark nsubj xcomp
chairman<--nn
gain<--nsubj aux dobj
priced<--nsubjpass auxpass prep
other<--det
income<--amod amod
results<--amod
best<--det prep
about<--pcomp pcomp
across<--pobj
piece<--det
has<--prep nsubj xcomp
section<--det amod
group<--det amod prep
Gates<--nn
Corry<--nn
question<--det
delivery<--nn
powerful<--advmod
Times<--det
Power<--nn
options<--prep
giant<--det amod nn
Suisse<--nn
offset<--aux dobj
base<--poss nn
question<--det amod prep
leaders<--amod amod
firms<--amod nn nn
Jr.<--nn nn nn rcmod
words<--poss amod
Services<--nn
of<--advmod pobj
day<--det rcmod
point<--det prep
were<--mark nsubj prep
cost<--det
something<--dep
producers<--amod
rate<--det amod amod nn
claim<--det
Those<--rcmod
sell<--aux prep
stocks<--num
plans<--nn
costs<--det prep
lawyers<--det
situation<--det nn
Corp.<--nn prep
like<--nsubj xcomp
Average<--det nn nn nn
project<--det
report<--det
used<--nsubj dobj xcomp
TV<--nn possessive
using<--dobj prep
Atlantic<--det
China<--possessive
Britain<--possessive
U.S.<--cc conj
blame<--nsubj dobj prep
American<--amod
share<--det det
Jr.<--nn nn nn
environment<--det amod
products<--poss amod
silver<--nn
charge<--dobj nsubj dobj prep
Many<--prep
billion<--quantmod number
continued<--mark nsubj xcomp
mind<--poss
growth<--amod nn prep
%<--num cc conj
banking<--nn
interested<--mark nsubj cop prep
Akzo<--possessive
Johnson<--cc conj
type<--det prep
option<--det prep
future<--det amod
said<--nsubj nsubj ccomp
employs<--nsubj dobj
pressure<--prep
shows<--nn
morning<--det
plaintiffs<--det
complete<--aux dobj
provision<--det prep
Shares<--prep
is<--nsubj advmod
around<--pobj
product<--det amod rcmod
happened<--nsubj prep
company<--det nn rcmod
more<--cc
people<--det prep
filed<--nsubj aux dobj
Roderick<--nn
rivals<--amod
enough<--xcomp
250<--quantmod
portfolio<--poss nn
chairman<--det prep
area<--det nn nn
European<--amod
life<--det amod amod prep
profit<--nn prep
March<--amod
law<--det prep
meetings<--amod
did<--nsubj
efforts<--amod nn
support<--nn
role<--det prep
note<--poss amod
beginning<--prep
ads<--amod
expect<--nsubj aux neg dobj
keep<--aux dep
District<--det nn
Trust<--nn
%<--num dep
called<--aux auxpass xcomp
take<--nsubj aux prt dobj
Pont<--nn
stemmed<--nsubj prep
Hammack<--nn
plans<--vmod
stocks<--det amod
$<--number
committee<--poss nn
reflect<--nsubj aux dobj
production<--amod nn
order<--det
1970s<--det
offering<--det appos
book<--det
state<--det
example<--nsubj cop det amod prep
status<--det prep
year<--num
form<--det prep rcmod
reduce<--aux dobj prep
lot<--det prep prep
guarantees<--amod
communities<--amod
held<--prep
growth<--poss
rates<--det nn
record<--poss
those<--prep
sales<--det nn
Bloomingdale<--possessive
Inc.<--nn nn prep
city<--det possessive
Steel<--nn
tell<--nsubj dobj dep
be<--aux ccomp
times<--num dep
built<--prep
GM<--appos
everyone<--neg
copies<--det prep
given<--dep
unchanged<--nsubj cop prep
interests<--prep
7<--quantmod
family<--poss
executive<--amod prep
Hall<--nn
bills<--amod nn
exchanges<--nn
bigger<--advmod
low<--advmod
portfolio<--poss
50<--quantmod quantmod quantmod
Kong<--nn possessive
was<--advmod
persuade<--aux dobj xcomp
dollars<--num amod dep
reflecting<--dobj
NFL<--det
say<--ccomp nsubj
fund<--det nn
fell<--nsubj prep prep prep
program<--det amod
currency<--poss
accord<--det
relies<--nsubj prep
to<--pobj cc conj pobj pobj
Provigo<--possessive
part<--det amod prep
disaster<--amod
position<--det amod
law<--nn
%<--num npadvmod num dep npadvmod num dep npadvmod
half<--quantmod
transition<--det
near<--pobj
running<--dobj
staff<--det nn
buyer<--det prep
see<--aux ccomp
place<--det
suit<--det amod vmod
worm<--det
earned<--nsubj dobj
system<--det prep
3/4<--number
deciding<--ccomp
show<--det
yield<--aux dobj
banks<--amod nn nn
position<--poss prep
decision<--det vmod
debt<--amod prep
month<--det possessive
year<--det amod
trying<--nsubj aux xcomp
response<--det
much<--advmod dep
rate<--poss amod nn
Going<--prep
program<--det amod rcmod
vehicles<--det
Co.<--nn nn possessive
charge<--det prep
way<--det rcmod
rate<--det
world<--det
access<--prep
trading<--amod
capital<--poss
officer<--amod amod
debt<--poss
groups<--nn
airline<--det possessive
acquisition<--det
to<--pcomp
regarding<--dobj
Partners<--nn
president<--cc conj prep
Inc.<--nn appos
Ty<--nn
say<--nsubj aux neg ccomp
increase<--aux dobj prep
husband<--poss
was<--advmod nsubj prep
unchanged<--nsubj cop
improving<--dobj
beginning<--det prep
business<--det amod prep
sale<--det
Shack<--nn
grounds<--amod
after<--pcomp
Allen<--nn
gene<--det rcmod
as<--pobj mwe pobj
been<--nsubj aux prep prep
end<--nn
center<--det nn nn
returns<--det
society<--amod
listed<--nsubjpass auxpass prep
price<--det rcmod
crops<--amod
over<--pobj
agreed<--mark nsubj xcomp
think<--nsubj aux neg ccomp
acquire<--aux dobj
line<--prep
competitive<--advmod
income<--poss
ways<--prep
price<--det nn
terms<--nn
is<--nsubj prep
cash<--prep
quarters<--amod
thieves<--det
gold<--prep
showing<--ccomp
was<--mark expl nsubj
cut<--det amod prep
reduction<--det amod prep
funds<--nn nn
Boren<--nn
push<--aux prep
task<--det
costs<--prep
industrials<--det nn nn
more<--advmod
filing<--det prep
expected<--mark
economy<--det
way<--det amod prep
$<--num prep cc conj num prep
nations<--amod
make<--nsubj xcomp
idea<--det amod
violating<--dobj
phone<--det
business<--poss amod
unit<--det amod nn
go<--aux prep
dollars<--prep
policies<--poss
time<--det rcmod
in<--pcomp
cents<--num amod
funds<--vmod
points<--num nn prep
trying<--nsubj advmod aux xcomp
partners<--amod
policy<--det nn
Panama<--possessive
has<--nsubj ccomp
provisions<--det
to<--pobj pobj pobj
threat<--det
power<--det prep
placed<--prep
produce<--nsubj aux dobj
roll<--det
B<--nn
retailers<--amod
ways<--vmod
amount<--det
policies<--det
second<--det
second<--dep
ensure<--nsubj aux ccomp
do<--mark nsubj
owner<--poss
seeks<--nsubj dobj
return<--det amod prep
research<--cc conj
point<--num
three<--quantmod
workers<--nn
meeting<--prep
repurchase<--aux dobj
know<--nsubj ccomp
faster<--dep
services<--amod amod
CBS<--possessive
participating<--prep
risk<--det prep
face<--aux dobj
those<--nsubj cop rcmod
Exchange<--det nn nn
point<--det amod
people<--prep
airlines<--det
has<--advmod nsubj dobj
Partners<--nn nn appos
growth<--amod nn
executives<--det
estimates<--amod nn
points<--num nn
lot<--det
have<--nsubj aux neg dobj
Bakes<--nn
Feb.<--num
rest<--det prep
Steinberg<--nn
cover<--nsubj aux dobj
needed<--nsubj dobj
pound<--det amod
showing<--nsubj aux dobj
taxes<--amod
ended<--nsubj acomp
unit<--det nn nn nn
from<--pobj advmod
rumors<--prep
income<--poss amod
British<--det
sliding<--prep
begin<--aux prep
Rouge<--det nn
Trump<--nn
Laff<--nn
out<--prep
offer<--aux dobj prep
$<--num cc conj
prices<--prep
en<--pobj
With<--pobj
exceeding<--dobj
detectors<--amod
gain<--det amod amod prep
peak<--det prep
eye<--poss
holdings<--poss
Inc.<--nn rcmod
exchange<--prep
concern<--prep
sales<--poss prep
trial<--det
yen<--num dep
possible<--dep
he<--cc conj
list<--det
veto<--det amod
conference<--det nn
Co.<--nn cc conj
consultant<--det
woman<--det vmod
1989<--amod
Tuesday<--possessive
vote<--det amod prep
terms<--det prep
profit<--prep prep
problem<--poss
dropping<--dobj
year<--possessive
stocks<--nn
plan<--poss nn
developed<--prep
have<--dobj
trades<--amod prep
desire<--poss vmod
Alexander<--nn
company<--poss
bid<--poss amod
credits<--nn
elected<--nsubjpass auxpass prep
due<--nsubj cop advmod prep
quickly<--advmod
more<--det
more<--dep
numbers<--det
fell<--nsubj dobj tmod
impossible<--nsubj cop advmod xcomp
Sharpshooter<--det
time<--nn
loss<--det prep prep
investments<--prep
history<--amod
headed<--nsubjpass auxpass prep
require<--nsubj aux xcomp
urging<--dobj xcomp
position<--poss amod prep
bulk<--det prep
West<--det
Friday<--possessive
cut<--det nn nn
estimate<--det
is<--mark expl nsubj
margins<--amod nn
reduction<--det prep prep
attempting<--nsubj aux xcomp
so<--cc
caused<--nsubj dobj
schools<--det amod
problems<--det rcmod
Association<--det nn nn nn
volatility<--amod
do<--nsubj dobj prep
direction<--det amod prep
supporters<--poss
table<--det nn
exchange<--det possessive
plans<--prep nsubj xcomp
buyers<--amod
life<--det prep
increase<--det nn
today<--possessive
wants<--mark nsubj xcomp
Pentagon<--det
have<--nsubj dobj prep
asked<--nsubj xcomp
more<--npadvmod
life<--prep
December<--amod
securities<--nn
with<--pcomp pobj
$<--nsubj cop num advmod num
continues<--nsubj xcomp
offers<--nsubj dobj
look<--det
Sutton<--nn
negotiators<--nn
producing<--dobj
offered<--nsubj dobj
support<--amod
own<--aux dobj
issue<--det amod nn
drew<--nsubj dobj
right<--det
April<--num num
years<--amod
extent<--det
going<--advcl nsubj aux xcomp
quarter<--det possessive
terms<--amod
sort<--det amod
sales<--num
charge<--det
network<--det nn
taken<--mark nsubj aux prt dobj
of<--pobj dep pobj pobj
advertisers<--amod
pay<--nsubj dobj
have<--aux ccomp
meantime<--det
Phoenix<--appos
're<--nsubj prep
years<--num amod
calculated<--mark prep
dividend<--poss amod
nothing<--prep
elections<--amod
products<--nn nn
rates<--nn prep
power<--det amod
securities<--det
Co.<--nn nn cc conj
more<--nsubj cop
Corp.<--nn dep
return<--aux dobj
funds<--amod amod
percentage<--det prep
replace<--aux dobj
offering<--det amod amod prep
industry<--det prep
children<--prep
rape<--cc conj
dollars<--num prep
15<--quantmod
trading<--nn nn amod
supporting<--dobj
field<--det nn
Group<--nn
alternatives<--amod prep
Ridley<--nn possessive
kids<--poss
earnings<--amod prep
role<--det prep prep
crowd<--det prep
stock<--poss amod
interest<--det amod
investigation<--poss prep
President<--det
stands<--det
president<--nsubj cop cc conj prep
spread<--det prep prep
two<--cc
more<--npadvmod prep
searching<--prep
support<--aux dobj prep
suit<--poss prep
equaling<--dobj
used<--nsubj xcomp
screen<--det nn
acquired<--prep
Peabody<--nn
technique<--det
cuts<--det
capital<--amod
exports<--nn
plants<--poss
sales<--nn
care<--amod
cents<--num dep
want<--mark nsubj xcomp
companies<--nn prep
10<--quantmod quantmod quantmod
increase<--det amod nn
commission<--det
social<--cc conj
Saatchi<--cc conj
following<--pobj
plant<--det amod amod
men<--det possessive
middle<--det prep
approve<--aux dobj
many<--dep advmod
plans<--det
disappointed<--nsubjpass auxpass ccomp
stadium<--det
led<--prep
point<--det rcmod
commitments<--amod
tourists<--amod
outlook<--det amod
director<--det prep
period<--det amod
with<--pobj
same<--det prep
prospects<--det prep
have<--nsubj aux advmod xcomp
shows<--nsubj dobj
buy<--nsubj aux dobj
unveil<--aux dobj
demand<--aux dobj
area<--det amod nn
anything<--prep
measure<--det nn
March<--amod num
help<--det prep
said<--advcl nsubj ccomp
attorneys<--nn
clutter<--det prep
cutting<--dobj
Dinkins<--nn possessive
proceedings<--nn
%<--num prep
double-A<--prep
Thatcher<--nn
facilities<--amod
others<--num
year<--advmod amod
year<--det dep
exercisable<--prep
practices<--nn
risk<--det
bugs<--det
excess<--prep
cited<--nsubjpass auxpass prep
board<--det prep
commission<--det possessive
was<--prep nsubj
raise<--nsubj aux dobj prep
plays<--nsubj dobj
group<--num
area<--det nn
%<--num prep cc conj
business<--poss nn nn
versions<--amod prep
demand<--det amod
manager<--amod prep
more<--nsubj cop prep
Fernandez<--nn
companies<--amod nn rcmod
told<--nsubj dobj xcomp
have<--nsubj xcomp
image<--det amod
state<--poss
increasing<--dobj prep
pages<--num
Of<--pobj
company<--poss amod nn
successor<--det
getting<--dobj prep
range<--det prep
amounts<--nsubj prep
definition<--det prep
earned<--prep nsubj dobj prep
banks<--num amod
contracts<--amod nn
bank<--det amod amod
deliver<--aux dobj
call<--nsubj xcomp
guilty<--prep
Shevardnadze<--nn possessive
losses<--amod prep
was<--nsubj prep cc conj
August<--possessive
completed<--nsubjpass aux auxpass prep
plants<--vmod
standard<--det amod
Virginia<--nn
Dinkins<--nn
positions<--amod nn
Markets<--nn nn nn
clear<--prep
equipment<--amod
performance<--amod
functions<--det
starting<--nsubj aux xcomp
time<--det vmod
$<--dep number number dep number number
equaling<--nsubj dobj
sells<--nsubj dobj prep
date<--det nn
held<--advmod
Agency<--det nn nn
PLC<--nn nn appos
Azoff<--nn
reduce<--nsubj aux dobj
for<--dep pobj
argument<--det amod
shares<--det
continue<--nsubj aux xcomp
Electric<--nn
announced<--advmod
withdraw<--aux dobj
has<--nsubj advmod dobj
station<--det nn
marks<--num num
concern<--det dep
Friday<--amod
authorities<--nn
performance<--det amod prep
3,000<--quantmod
officials<--amod
against<--pcomp
argument<--det
earthquake<--det possessive
give<--aux iobj dobj
employees<--amod
secretary<--det
fell<--mark nsubj dobj prep
Gonzalez<--nn
he<--dep
Enterprises<--nn
willing<--nsubj cop xcomp
Eggs<--amod
assets<--nn
state<--nn
analysts<--nn
division<--poss nn
said<--ccomp nsubj
came<--mark nsubj prep
head<--poss
model<--det amod
lost<--nsubj dobj
acquired<--nsubj dobj prep
odds<--prep
half<--quantmod quantmod prep
payments<--prep
box<--det
Britain<--nn
note<--nsubj ccomp
estate<--det amod
Monday<--amod
agreements<--nn
traders<--amod
until<--pobj
contract<--det nn
stake<--poss nn
told<--nsubj dobj ccomp
corner<--det
concerns<--amod
close<--det prep vmod
output<--poss amod prep
Greenwich<--appos
justify<--aux dobj
benefit<--nsubj aux dobj
visible<--advmod
buy<--aux dobj
shift<--aux dobj prep
plan<--det amod nn
collecting<--dobj
quarter<--poss amod vmod
Edelman<--nn
accused<--prep
relationship<--det
use<--det prep prep
exclude<--nsubj dobj
mother<--poss
countries<--det
company<--det det possessive
Gillett<--nn
devices<--amod
economists<--det
Angeles-based<--amod
program<--poss nn nn
spending<--amod
allowed<--nsubj xcomp
firms<--amod nn
do<--dobj nsubj
insured<--nsubjpass auxpass cc conj
contends<--nsubj ccomp
office<--det prep
University<--prep
prices<--det prep
trying<--mark nsubj aux xcomp
lower<--nsubj cop prep
offer<--poss amod
come<--aux advmod
lacks<--nsubj dobj
deal<--det prep
Patel<--nn
shares<--poss
structures<--amod
Co.<--nn nn nn appos
said<--nsubj ccomp cc conj
lines<--amod nn
Party<--det nn
features<--nsubj dobj
closed<--nsubj advmod prep
signed<--prep nsubj dobj
days<--num
restrictions<--det nn
Fuji<--det
engineered<--advmod
Up<--pcomp
%<--num prep num prep
consultant<--det prep
demand<--amod
rally<--det amod
test<--det prep
worth<--num prep
alternative<--det
more<--num cc
post<--det amod prep
consultants<--nn
agreement<--det amod nn
relationships<--poss prep
estimates<--det
deal<--det nn
employees<--num
Sandinistas<--det
rubles<--num
nothing<--vmod
$<--num num num num
celebrating<--dobj
Integrated<--possessive
dealership<--det
language<--det amod
hearings<--prep
$<--quantmod quantmod quantmod number number prep
3<--quantmod
keyboard<--det
sell<--dobj
County<--nn
ounce<--det
companies<--amod
return<--nsubj aux neg dobj
theory<--det
King<--nn possessive
one<--dep
want<--dobj nsubj xcomp
do<--aux advmod
association<--det prep
investment<--prep
United<--possessive
problems<--det
pressure<--det prep
expect<--nsubj dobj
bids<--amod
unit<--det nn
use<--aux dobj xcomp
prices<--det amod
Lang<--nn
doing<--dobj nsubj aux
D.<--appos
gained<--nsubj dobj
as<--pcomp
than<--quantmod quantmod
group<--det rcmod
CDs<--amod
project<--det nn
$<--num cc conj num cc conj num dep
announced<--advmod nsubj ccomp
represented<--prep
support<--poss
rights<--poss
A$<--num num
created<--advmod
thinks<--mark nsubj ccomp
October<--num
Journal<--det
Journal<--det nn nn
let<--nsubj aux ccomp
full<--prep
adjusted<--prep
took<--mark nsubj dobj
age<--poss
Albertville<--appos
loss<--poss
stations<--nn
earnings<--nn
fund<--aux dobj
Opponents<--prep
shareholders<--det amod
showed<--nsubj ccomp
got<--nsubj dobj
allowing<--xcomp
Brothers<--nn
ease<--aux dobj
seem<--nsubj xcomp
comparable<--nsubj advmod
elected<--nsubjpass auxpass xcomp
represent<--aux dobj
down<--pobj
rally<--det nn
140<--quantmod
Wolf<--nn
price<--poss nn
air<--det
damage<--det amod
customers<--amod
name<--det nn
$<--quantmod number prep number
considered<--dep
times<--number
income<--amod prep
had<--nsubj dobj
commissions<--amod
scheduled<--nsubjpass auxpass xcomp
heads<--nsubj dobj
of<--pcomp pobj pobj
bailout<--det nn
hold<--aux prt dobj
answers<--amod
Companies<--vmod
Beebes<--det
actions<--det
unit<--det possessive
opening<--det
pill<--det amod nn
prices<--poss
topic<--det
night<--nn
standards<--amod
time<--advmod
court<--amod prep
seek<--nsubj aux dobj
bill<--det amod
eased<--nsubj dobj prep prep
words<--amod
Laband<--nn
Yesterday<--possessive
firms<--nn nn
rating<--poss prep
stop<--aux dobj prep
Corp<--nn
do<--nsubj aux
5/8<--number
concern<--det amod
are<--mark nsubj
policy<--poss
economy<--det amod prep
upon<--pcomp
terms<--prep
concern<--nn
sale<--det amod prep
market<--det vmod
company<--poss nn
regulators<--amod
groups<--det num
Midwest<--det
Co.<--nn nn
shortage<--det prep
collection<--det
contrast<--prep
familiar<--prep
70,000<--quantmod
shutdown<--det
said<--tmod nsubj ccomp
some<--prep
as<--advmod pobj
segment<--det nn
dividend<--det amod prep
years<--num
disasters<--det num
9<--quantmod
activity<--nn
required<--xcomp
do<--aux dobj advmod
deficit<--det amod
flat<--nsubj cop prep
end<--poss
interest<--det prep
lost<--nsubj dobj prep advcl
seeing<--xcomp
McCaw<--possessive
investments<--det
August<--num
year<--det num
standards<--poss amod
wants<--nsubj xcomp
calls<--nsubj dep
excluding<--pobj
CD<--det
Moliere<--possessive
stance<--poss amod
assistance<--amod
Earth<--det
covered<--nsubjpass auxpass prep
controversy<--det
average<--det amod prep
Witter<--nn
lawyers<--nn
helped<--nsubj dep
clients<--amod
from<--pobj prep prep
sales<--amod
movie<--det
create<--nsubj aux dobj
tumbled<--nsubj dobj prep prep
industry<--det amod nn
choice<--det amod
one<--det
list<--poss amod
North<--nn
use<--dobj
To<--pobj
shares<--poss amod
debt<--det
advanced<--nsubj dobj prep
20<--quantmod
appliances<--det
devices<--det
half<--advmod prep
recession<--det
Securities<--cc conj
Lloyd<--possessive
yield<--aux dobj prep
prices<--amod nn
allegations<--det
slowdown<--det prep
return<--det amod amod prep
stores<--poss
Amoco<--possessive
projects<--amod amod
measures<--det
bikes<--amod
fund<--det
raising<--nsubj dobj
meet<--aux dobj
priced<--prep
portion<--det amod prep
post<--aux dobj
lead<--mark nsubj aux prep
one<--vmod
future<--det prep
Warner<--nn
term<--det amod
Board<--prep
three<--number dep
Holdings<--nn
ship<--det
forecast<--det
May<--num num
products<--poss
France<--possessive
promotion<--det
venture<--det amod
work<--aux prep
auction<--poss
completed<--prep
depletion<--nn
Until<--pcomp
efforts<--poss vmod
aimed<--nsubjpass auxpass prep
House<--det prep
due<--dep
cost<--det amod prep
Cos.<--nn nn
portion<--det nn prep
a.m.<--num
heat<--amod
behalf<--prep
suggested<--prep nsubj ccomp cc nsubj conj ccomp
those<--rcmod
longer<--advmod
had<--mark nsubj aux dobj
World<--det nn
late<--prep
Express<--nn
expensive<--nsubj advmod
fraud<--nn
eliminating<--dobj
cents<--num
losses<--amod
state<--cc conj
bond<--det amod amod
Institute<--det nn nn
show<--nsubj ccomp
sold<--mark nsubjpass auxpass
children<--poss
apart<--prep
give<--nsubj iobj dobj
sales<--nn nn
offer<--nsubj dobj
markets<--det amod
volume<--prep
corporations<--amod
states<--num
brands<--amod
Ford<--rcmod
increases<--nn
team<--det amod nn prep
considering<--nsubj aux vmod
still<--cc
movement<--det nn
make<--xcomp
charges<--prep
decline<--poss
user<--det
expand<--aux dobj
offices<--poss
metals<--amod
world<--det amod prep
cents<--num dep num dep
fall<--amod
priced<--nsubjpass auxpass prep xcomp
issue<--det possessive
comment<--aux prep
half<--quantmod quantmod
Max<--possessive
system<--det amod amod
problems<--amod prep
direction<--det
fact<--det
Stanley<--nn
own<--nsubj dobj
let<--aux ccomp
sitting<--prep
Commission<--nn
image<--det prep
started<--nsubj aux xcomp
selling<--amod prep
from<--pcomp
climbed<--nsubj prep prep
of<--pobj pobj
million<--number number
residents<--amod
organization<--det amod
allies<--poss
keep<--aux dobj prep
have<--nsubj advmod dobj
people<--rcmod
result<--det prep
inside<--pobj
is<--nsubj prep prep
EST<--num advmod
newspapers<--nn
guaranteed<--prep
companies<--det nn
battle<--det
operating<--dobj
result<--det
Canada<--possessive
by<--pobj pcomp
issues<--amod nn
says<--ccomp nsubj
Monday<--nn
said<--mark nsubj ccomp
below<--pobj
days<--det amod
half<--quantmod prep
process<--det prep
stake<--det prep
dividend<--det
ratings<--amod nn
company<--nn
offering<--det nn
add<--aux dobj
Aug.<--num
debts<--amod
highway<--det amod
seeds<--amod
equal<--nsubj cop prep
bench<--det
help<--nsubj aux ccomp
plan<--det nn
happen<--nsubj aux prep
health<--poss
companies<--prep
feet<--num amod prep
National<--nn
assets<--amod
capacity<--amod
retirement<--amod prep
use<--nn
market<--det amod nn nn
producers<--nn
notion<--det amod prep
car<--det
McDonough<--nn
companies<--num
Corp.<--nn nn possessive
converting<--dobj prep
order<--det prep
conservatives<--det
months<--amod
seems<--nsubj prep ccomp
claims<--prep
County<--nn nn
leads<--nsubj prep
stock<--poss nn
receipts<--poss amod nn
options<--det
Warren<--nn
resulted<--nsubj prep
products<--amod
created<--nsubj dobj prep
Price<--nn
years<--det amod amod
politics<--amod
wants<--nsubj dobj
earnings<--prep rcmod
pieces<--num
independence<--poss
spokesman<--det nn nn
companies<--vmod
agreement<--det amod prep
Brands<--nn
call<--det
taking<--nsubj aux dobj
Street<--nn
on<--pobj advmod pobj
war<--det
appear<--nsubj aux neg xcomp
attempt<--poss vmod
%<--number
computer<--poss
officer<--amod amod prep
yield<--aux prep prep
going<--nsubj aux neg xcomp
shipping<--dobj
adults<--num
environment<--det
quantities<--amod prep
length<--det prep
going<--advmod
slid<--nsubj dobj prep
phrase<--det
watched<--advmod
maker<--poss amod nn
months<--det num
add<--nsubj dobj
given<--dobj
Index<--det nn nn
properties<--nn
industry<--det nn nn
cents<--num dep num
is<--nsubj ccomp
care<--prep
start<--nsubj aux xcomp
decline<--det prep
form<--amod
90<--quantmod
complete<--prep
volatility<--poss
eliminate<--aux dobj
in<--pcomp pobj
food<--cc conj
serious<--advmod
guys<--det
evidence<--amod vmod
economy<--det amod cc conj
Manville<--possessive
seeking<--xcomp
thing<--det
priced<--nsubj prep xcomp
triggered<--nsubjpass auxpass prep
Japan<--cc conj
index<--det nn
$<--det amod num prep
soon<--advmod prep
protect<--aux dobj
Average<--prep
study<--aux dobj
Gould<--nn
disease<--det
bidders<--amod
computers<--nn
lies<--nsubj prep
brought<--prep
retail<--cc conj
7/8<--number number
wife<--poss
Steinhardt<--nn
share<--num prep
$<--num prep amod prep
damage<--prep
dropped<--nsubj prep prep
exchanges<--det nn
limit<--det nn
A$<--num
researchers<--prep
regardless<--prep
puts<--nsubj dobj prep
operating<--nsubj prep
Cowboys<--det
dangerous<--advmod
by<--pcomp pobj
directors<--poss
100,000<--quantmod
center<--det prep
programs<--amod amod
buy<--aux dobj prep prep
area<--det nn nn nn
truck<--det amod
women<--possessive
SEC<--det
for<--preconj pobj cc conj pobj
tracked<--prep
Dozen<--nn
creditors<--det
those<--vmod
rally<--det
waste<--amod
soon<--advmod ccomp
testify<--aux prep
another<--prep
hands<--det prep
2<--quantmod
for<--pobj pobj
opposition<--det
areas<--amod
R.<--dep
works<--advmod nsubj
lack<--det prep
to<--pobj
rumors<--det
condition<--poss amod
history<--poss
close<--poss
cleaning<--prt dobj
want<--nsubj aux neg dobj
leave<--aux dobj prep
staff<--poss amod
job<--det rcmod
protect<--aux dobj prep
mid-1990s<--det
Inc.<--nn nn
ending<--dobj
embryo<--det
open<--aux dobj
closed<--nsubj advmod prep prep
scientists<--det
contains<--nsubj dobj
keeping<--dobj prep
president<--amod nn
compared<--pcomp
said<--nsubj tmod ccomp
portfolios<--poss
chips<--amod
featuring<--dobj
indictment<--det
extend<--aux dobj
Corp.<--nn appos
appeal<--det prep
system<--poss nn nn
followed<--prep
asked<--nsubj dobj xcomp
All<--rcmod
read<--aux dobj
law<--det rcmod
equal<--prep
investors<--amod amod
bonds<--amod amod nn
companies<--det num
consumption<--nn
part<--prep prep
Olivetti<--possessive
produced<--nsubj dobj
country<--det amod
phones<--det
totaled<--nsubj dobj
collect<--aux dobj
House<--det cc conj
consisting<--prep
want<--mark nsubj dobj
Congress<--possessive
said<--ccomp nsubj xcomp
others<--det
worth<--nsubj cop dep
stocks<--rcmod
concern<--det amod nn
Memories<--nn
tried<--nsubj aux dobj
Sports<--nn
sale<--det nn
property<--amod
Bank<--nn cc conj
Earnings<--prep
plan<--det
feet<--det amod
half<--det amod
concentrate<--aux prep
plate<--det
amounts<--prep
properties<--amod
IRS<--det
group<--det amod nn
Oct.<--num rcmod
July<--num
change<--det amod amod prep
break<--aux prt dobj
plan<--det amod vmod
employees<--num cc conj
leading<--prep
Sony<--cc conj
make<--nsubj aux dobj
lead<--det prep
rated<--acomp prep
competition<--det
used<--prep
exploit<--aux dobj
office<--poss
offer<--det rcmod
period<--det prep
sign<--det ccomp
enterprises<--amod cc conj
number<--det prep prep
charges<--amod
sense<--amod prep
say<--nsubj advmod ccomp
seems<--nsubj xcomp
fell<--nsubj dobj
CDs<--amod prep
force<--det nn
spring<--amod
issues<--nn
Maynard<--nn possessive
close<--aux prep
continue<--mark nsubj aux xcomp
called<--nsubj aux prep
Gardens<--nn
range<--det amod
opponents<--poss
water<--nn
hearing<--det
Group<--nn nn
managers<--nn
experiments<--amod
periods<--amod
Court<--det nn possessive
Reports<--prep
Pacific<--nn nn
plan<--poss amod nn
ended<--prep
follows<--nsubj dobj
legislation<--amod
joined<--advmod nsubj dobj
venture<--det rcmod
land<--amod
say<--aux dobj
rose<--prep nsubj dobj prep
bit<--det prep
budget<--det
investors<--nn
system<--det nn
issue<--det rcmod
measurements<--amod
moment<--det amod
staff<--poss
Bank<--det possessive
market<--poss nn
chance<--det vmod
provided<--prep
million<--quantmod number number
contributed<--nsubj prep
board<--det
situation<--det amod
alliance<--det amod
buy<--aux dobj advcl
Data<--nn
Estimated<--cc conj
things<--amod
network<--det possessive
Jaguar<--possessive
tobacco<--conj cc conj
center<--det amod
model<--det nn
negotiations<--prep
house<--det amod
10<--det amod
effect<--det prep
sentences<--nn
provision<--det amod amod
promoting<--dobj
providing<--dobj
year<--amod det
strategy<--det
unit<--poss amod appos
Unlike<--pobj
Co.<--nn possessive
claim<--poss
seriously<--advmod
began<--mark nsubj xcomp
with<--pobj pobj
vary<--nsubj advmod prep
transaction<--det amod
two<--prep
announcement<--det
funds<--prep
area<--det nn prep
causing<--dobj
doubt<--det
secretary<--det nn
out<--dep
shares<--num
damages<--amod
boost<--det amod prep
Americans<--amod
trade<--det
flow<--nn
added<--nsubj dobj prep prep
Netherlands<--det
that<--dep
jobs<--poss
machines<--det amod
likely<--xcomp
is<--mark nsubj
priced<--nsubj advmod prep xcomp
Pemex<--possessive
problems<--poss
expected<--nsubj xcomp
fear<--nsubj ccomp
everyone<--advmod
areas<--det
Consider<--dobj
customers<--poss
whole<--det
capital<--nn
panel<--det nn
corporation<--det
able<--mark nsubj aux cop xcomp
used<--nsubjpass aux auxpass xcomp
strong<--advmod
was<--expl neg nsubj
rose<--prep nsubj dobj
Telephone<--nn cc conj
impact<--amod
employees<--prep
reputation<--poss
keeping<--prep
neighborhoods<--amod
developed<--nsubj aux dobj
crimes<--amod
Geographic<--nn
private<--cc conj
departure<--poss
fend<--aux prt dobj
stand<--nsubj aux prep
interviews<--det
necessary<--mark
allowed<--xcomp
is<--dep nsubj
activists<--amod
impact<--det
Thatcher<--nn possessive
sell-off<--det prep
reached<--nsubjpass aux neg auxpass
time<--det amod
requisitioned<--prep nsubj dobj prep
hell<--det
Toronto<--possessive
convertible<--nsubj cop prep prep
number<--det
grow<--aux prep
charges<--nn
days<--num prep
currency<--det
boom<--det
costs<--amod amod
was<--nsubj advmod prep
Corp.<--nn possessive
monitor<--aux dobj
in<--pobj pobj pcomp
hospital<--det
shares<--prep
giving<--dobj prep
purchase<--det
resolution<--det prep
changed<--nsubj aux
resources<--amod
computer<--det
charging<--dobj prep
Let<--ccomp
reflected<--nsubj dobj
yield<--aux prep
$<--dep
had<--nsubj dobj prep prep
Baker<--nn
talks<--amod
avoid<--aux dobj prep
office<--det
move<--det
rate<--det amod prep
church<--det
come<--aux prt prep
woman<--det
bringing<--dobj prep
odds<--det
smaller<--advmod
request<--det
potential<--amod
businesses<--amod
10<--quantmod
limit<--det
$<--quantmod number number
government<--cc conj
leaders<--det prep
workers<--amod
way<--det amod
arguing<--ccomp
part<--nsubj cop prep
arranging<--dobj
much<--advmod ccomp
raising<--dobj
request<--poss
research<--det
Francisco<--nn
buying<--dobj
notes<--amod amod amod
point<--det nn
buildings<--det
business<--poss nn
relating<--prep
weeks<--num
state<--det amod
away<--npadvmod
hour<--det amod
economist<--amod prep
economy<--det possessive
portion<--det prep
profit<--amod
successful<--advmod
sidelines<--det
assist<--aux dobj prep
Mexico<--possessive
Germans<--det
LIN<--possessive
priced<--xcomp
minute<--det
plan<--nsubj xcomp
row<--det
days<--num vmod
pay<--aux prt dobj
effect<--det amod prep
sense<--det prep
securities<--amod
effective<--tmod
is<--advmod nsubj
shares<--num vmod
defendants<--det
comment<--det prep
programs<--nn
down<--pobj prep
effect<--det nn
Simmons<--nn
brand<--det
pick<--aux prt dobj
firm<--det amod nn nn
difference<--det prep
telling<--dobj xcomp
firm<--det nn nn
amount<--det amod nn
types<--amod prep
1920s<--det
health<--cc conj
made<--nsubj aux dobj
calls<--nsubj prep
year<--det amod possessive
pilots<--det
benefit<--aux prep
invented<--nsubj dobj
Stoltzman<--nn
of<--dep
predicts<--nsubj ccomp
board<--poss
role<--poss prep
related<--nsubjpass auxpass neg prep
eliminated<--mark nsubjpass aux auxpass prep
$<--det amod num
costs<--poss nn
release<--det prep
contract<--det nn nn
are<--expl nsubj
taking<--dobj
games<--det
little<--advmod
written<--nsubjpass auxpass prep
time<--prep
round<--det amod prep
insurance<--nn
Ltd.<--nn nn appos
Division<--det nn
absence<--det prep
Fed<--det
shareholders<--amod
head<--prep
months<--num num
sector<--det nn
group<--poss
said<--nsubj advmod ccomp
stock<--amod
landslide<--det
yield<--det amod prep
door<--amod
run<--aux dobj
Poles<--det
take<--nsubj aux dobj xcomp
started<--nsubj xcomp
earnings<--prep
post<--det amod
report<--det amod nn
Bartlett<--nn possessive
gas<--det
third<--det
of<--dep pobj pobj
$<--num
leader<--det amod
place<--det prep
reports<--ccomp
based<--advcl nsubjpass auxpass prep
amounts<--amod prep
May<--amod
between<--pobj
certificates<--det
increased<--nsubj prep prep
Zealand<--nn
buyers<--det
businesses<--nn
maturity<--det amod amod prep
billions<--prep
of<--pobj dep pobj
trading<--nn
restore<--aux dobj
CIA<--det
lack<--poss prep
margins<--nn
helped<--nsubj ccomp
distribution<--det prep
profit<--aux prep
make<--nsubj dobj
taking<--dobj prep
shares<--num num
scandal<--det amod nn
lose<--nsubj aux dobj
bill<--det amod amod
little<--prep
policy<--det amod amod
leadership<--det amod
start<--aux dobj
workers<--poss
Tiger<--possessive
bill<--det nn
thousands<--prep prep
products<--amod amod
nation<--det possessive
sell<--nsubj aux dobj
run<--nsubj aux prep
Trelleborg<--possessive
have<--nsubj aux dobj prep
amount<--det amod prep
%<--num num prep
market<--poss
price<--det amod nn
based<--prep
search<--prep
before<--advmod pobj
failing<--xcomp
scenario<--det
owned<--prep
equity<--poss
to<--pobj pobj pobj pobj
loss<--det amod prep prep
$<--num num
by<--pcomp pcomp
created<--xcomp
ensure<--aux dobj
U.S.<--det det
Monday<--possessive
airline<--det
stage<--det
Ehrlich<--nn
using<--dobj xcomp
course<--det prep
able<--mark nsubj cop xcomp
Sept.<--num num
head<--prep prep
likely<--advcl nsubj cop xcomp
listed<--advmod
lost<--nsubj dobj prep
policies<--vmod
colony<--det
group<--det nn nn nn
loans<--prep
shares<--amod
now<--cc conj
June<--num
talking<--prep
member<--det prep
provision<--det vmod
Levine<--nn
anthers<--det prep
used<--nsubjpass auxpass advmod prep
shot<--det
yesterday<--amod
worry<--aux prep
bills<--det
funds<--det
construction<--prep
president<--det amod
makes<--nsubj dobj advcl
rate<--det amod amod
had<--mark nsubj dobj
by<--pobj pobj
party<--det
Source<--dep
payments<--nn
do<--mark nsubj aux dobj prep
retain<--nsubj aux dobj
about<--pobj pobj
support<--prep
Straszheim<--nn
toxin<--det
better<--prep
maker<--det nn nn
under<--advmod pobj
wage<--det amod
hard<--nsubj cop xcomp cc conj
began<--nsubj xcomp
country<--det rcmod
market<--det possessive
can<--mark nsubj
announce<--aux dobj
board<--det nn
C.D.s<--amod
later<--npadvmod
projects<--amod
services<--amod nn
seek<--aux dobj
years<--num num
claims<--poss
look<--nsubj prep
asking<--prep
Another<--dep
hopes<--nsubj ccomp
planning<--amod
makes<--nsubj dobj
Without<--pobj
owners<--det
magazine<--nn
Koenig<--nn
colleagues<--poss amod
split<--det
economists<--amod
service<--amod
19<--quantmod
advance<--det
took<--nsubj dobj parataxis
bushel<--det det
criticism<--amod
reported<--mark advmod
rules<--det
space<--amod
people<--poss
of<--pcomp pobj
contract<--det
copper<--prep
thing<--num
ones<--det amod
talks<--prep prep
move<--aux advmod prep
Board<--det nn possessive
likely<--prep nsubj cop xcomp
announcing<--dobj
saw<--nsubj ccomp
law<--det amod nn
Council<--det nn nn
agency<--det
feet<--num
see<--aux dobj prep
for<--pcomp
deficit<--poss amod nn
relationship<--poss prep
has<--nsubj dobj parataxis
rise<--det amod prep
Citicorp<--cc conj
even<--dep
debut<--poss
in<--pobj pobj cc conj pobj
bonds<--nn amod
Soviets<--det
yesterday<--possessive
rights<--det prep
control<--nsubj dobj
outline<--aux dobj
production<--poss
spite<--prep
complete<--aux dobj prep
made<--dobj
call<--aux prep
of<--pobj pobj pcomp
makes<--csubj xcomp
showed<--nsubj dobj
thing<--det prep
mark<--det
started<--advmod nsubj xcomp
notes<--det amod amod
sure<--nsubj cop neg ccomp
award<--det
failed<--advmod nsubj xcomp
spokesman<--det
backing<--dobj
committee<--det
investor<--det possessive
that<--dep advmod
in<--pobj cc conj pobj
laws<--amod
day<--det prep
favor<--prep
buy<--aux dobj prep advcl
came<--advmod nsubj prep
like<--pobj pobj
backed<--prep
settled<--prep nsubj prep advmod
value<--det nn prep
purchases<--amod
Hugo<--nn
None<--prep
$<--nsubj aux cop quantmod number number
Commission<--det nn nn nn
shares<--amod rcmod
make<--nsubj aux neg dobj
further<--advmod
declined<--nsubj prep prep
Ltd.<--nn
wall<--det
experience<--amod
beings<--amod
sale<--prep
thereafter<--advmod
Coast<--amod
have<--aux xcomp
relative<--prep
despite<--pobj
boosting<--dobj
hard<--nsubj cop xcomp
year<--amod
background<--det
1,000<--quantmod
decision<--det prep
interested<--nsubj cop prep
November<--amod
output<--nn
Corp.<--nn nn cc conj
get<--aux advmod prep
Italy<--possessive
quarter<--det
Ortiz<--nn
continue<--aux xcomp
bonds<--amod nn
Computer<--nn
hats<--poss
venture<--det
than<--advmod pobj
chips<--nn
becoming<--nsubj aux acomp
five<--quantmod
Corp<--det nn nn
March<--num num
contracts<--nn nn
team<--det
city<--det rcmod
sponsored<--prep
bolster<--aux dobj
25<--quantmod
experience<--poss
protection<--prep
Chinese<--det
weapons<--amod
study<--det
People<--prep
element<--det amod prep
estimates<--poss
act<--det prep
rose<--nsubj dobj prep prep prep
platinum<--nn
pieces<--prep
than<--advmod
much<--advmod prep
from<--advmod pobj
machinists<--det
child<--det
said<--nsubj ccomp
Among<--pobj
need<--det prep
experience<--det amod
rose<--nsubj dobj prep
support<--poss prep
$<--quantmod quantmod number
water<--det
save<--aux dobj
Garcia<--nn
weeks<--amod
Center<--det nn
take<--aux prt dobj
fees<--poss
meeting<--poss
help<--aux xcomp
$<--quantmod quantmod number number
blames<--nsubj dobj prep
loans<--amod
use<--amod
week<--amod possessive
movement<--poss amod
increases<--dobj
margins<--amod
letters<--prep
a<--quantmod
hopes<--nsubj xcomp
Dealers<--nn
PS<--prep
was<--nsubj advmod prep cc conj
cause<--det
CenTrust<--possessive
companies<--det
structure<--det amod prep
13<--quantmod
good<--advmod
tapes<--det
drop<--det prep
partners<--prep
1/4<--num
overseeing<--dobj
Intel<--possessive
ads<--det
first<--nsubj cop det prep
concluded<--nsubj ccomp
IBM<--possessive
benefits<--det amod prep
average<--det amod
seen<--nsubj aux ccomp
something<--amod
Boyd<--nn
cuts<--prep
bonds<--det amod
predicted<--nsubj ccomp
survey<--det prep
pursuing<--dobj
investment<--poss
chairman<--cc conj prep
authorities<--amod
improvement<--det
are<--nsubj xcomp
get<--aux xcomp
Barre<--nn
listed<--prep
$<--num cc conj num dep num cc conj
far<--advmod ccomp
securities<--nn nn amod
service<--det
continued<--nsubj xcomp
earned<--prep nsubj dobj
uncertainty<--amod prep
share<--det prep
bank<--poss amod
selling<--det
institutions<--amod
was<--nsubj ccomp
Stone<--nn
debentures<--amod amod
wanted<--nsubj dobj prep
losses<--amod nn
block<--aux dobj
surge<--det amod prep
repay<--aux dobj
concerned<--mark nsubjpass auxpass
line<--det amod
section<--det prep
jobs<--amod
share<--nn
Act<--det nn nn
Coast<--det nn
easy<--nsubj cop xcomp
well<--advmod mwe
sell<--nsubj aux
use<--poss prep
says<--advmod nsubj ccomp
Israel<--possessive
say<--nsubj ccomp
Sept.<--num
bought<--advmod nsubj dobj
equipment<--nn nn
chromosome<--num
account<--det nn
subsidiary<--det amod prep
delivered<--aux auxpass prep
account<--nsubj prep
Stores<--prep
based<--nsubjpass aux auxpass prep
approach<--det
Pilson<--nn
Rico<--nn
months<--num prep
Ltd.<--nn nn
succeed<--nsubj aux dobj
assets<--prep
McDuffie<--nn
look<--det amod
types<--det prep
contend<--nsubj ccomp
OF<--pobj
ranging<--prep
ton<--det amod
1/4<--number
C$<--num
press<--det amod
priced<--nsubjpass auxpass advmod xcomp
law<--det amod vmod
Stocks<--dep
old<--npadvmod
6<--quantmod
Equipment<--nn
quarter<--det amod prep
members<--nn
chairman<--conj cc conj
results<--poss amod
contract<--det amod prep
$<--nsubj cop num
low<--advmod prep
is<--nsubj neg prep
period<--det num
revenue<--nn
firm<--det amod
September<--amod
capitalists<--nn
quarter<--det amod vmod
well<--advmod prep
Rey<--nn
offer<--det amod nn prep
been<--nsubj aux prep
stocks<--amod nn
made<--nsubj ccomp
industry<--det rcmod
at<--pobj cc conj pobj
lots<--prep
plan<--mark nsubj xcomp
maintain<--aux dobj
offering<--poss amod nn
analyst<--det amod prep
offer<--det prep
taxes<--amod nn
traded<--advmod
left<--nsubj dobj prep
sell<--aux dobj
estimates<--nsubj dobj prep
be<--nsubj aux prep
lifetime<--poss
Vegas<--nn
division<--det amod prep
at<--advmod pobj
closed<--nsubj prep advmod
stems<--nsubj prep
contractor<--det
profits<--amod
40<--quantmod
pricing<--amod
position<--det prep
containing<--dobj
1/4<--quantmod
estimated<--nsubjpass auxpass prep advmod
Insurance<--nn
Investors<--prep
higher<--prep
insists<--nsubj ccomp
goes<--nsubj prep
issue<--det det
about<--pcomp
fell<--prep nsubj dobj prep prep
cases<--det
career<--poss
someone<--rcmod
thought<--nsubj neg ccomp
stake<--det amod nn
Nissan<--possessive
mid-1970s<--det
made<--nsubjpass auxpass prep
payable<--nsubj cop tmod prep
profits<--nn
companies<--det vmod
sector<--det
assume<--nsubj ccomp
until<--pcomp
died<--nsubj prep
cents<--num amod dep num amod dep
closing<--det
$<--num prep num
minutes<--det num
succeeding<--dobj
determine<--aux advcl
arrangement<--det amod
losing<--dobj
program<--det nn
president<--det possessive
landscape<--det
theft<--det
legal<--cc conj
heavily<--advmod
circumstances<--det
than<--mwe
requiring<--xcomp
prior<--prep
use<--aux dobj
reason<--det vmod
bank<--det
introduction<--det prep
clients<--poss amod
During<--pobj
balance<--det prep
sales<--amod nn nn
money<--nn
buy<--nsubj aux dobj prep
put<--aux dobj prep
coupon<--det amod
Capital<--nn
average<--det
prices<--amod
sold<--dobj prep
increased<--nsubj dobj prep
June<--rcmod
Industries<--nn
selling<--dobj prep
man<--det amod prep
Commission<--det nn nn
force<--nsubj aux xcomp
30<--quantmod
in<--advmod pobj
need<--mark nsubj xcomp
half<--det amod prep
actions<--poss
agreement<--det
run<--aux prep
courts<--det
trading<--dobj
Inc.<--nn nn appos
shares<--amod amod
carrier<--det amod
have<--aux dobj
door<--det
figures<--det amod
bid<--det amod nn
do<--advcl dobj
income<--amod amod prep
few<--quantmod quantmod
concern<--det nn
profit<--amod prep
Secretary<--det prep
Motor<--nn
industrials<--det nn
see<--nsubj dobj
trade<--aux dobj prep
Inc.<--nn nn rcmod
%<--num prep prep
on<--pobj pobj
priced<--nsubjpass auxpass xcomp
as<--dep
used<--nsubj xcomp cc conj
phones<--amod
Bork<--nn
panel<--det
got<--nsubj aux xcomp
consulting<--nn
currencies<--amod amod
heat<--det
start<--aux xcomp
representatives<--prep
War<--det nn
expect<--nsubj xcomp
collapse<--det prep
35<--quantmod
shares<--nsubj cop det amod num
products<--det
cause<--mark nsubj aux dobj
play<--det
going<--nsubj prep
Lortie<--nn
deal<--det
expensive<--advmod
Mills<--nn
Treasury<--det possessive
moving<--advmod
Group<--det nn
Services<--nn nn
Revenue<--prep
expansion<--det
feet<--poss
Prices<--prep
Honecker<--nn
Mitchell<--nn nn nn
jury<--det amod
Federal<--possessive
Co.<--nn appos
manufacturers<--amod
Pentagon<--det possessive
expects<--mark nsubj xcomp
units<--poss
charges<--det
EPA<--det
expects<--nsubj xcomp
flow<--amod nn
week<--det possessive
month<--amod possessive
victims<--nn
work<--nsubj prep
are<--expl advmod nsubj
need<--det vmod
value<--det prep
average<--det prep
consumer<--det
rise<--nsubj aux prep prep
discovered<--prep
characters<--poss
paper<--det amod
measure<--det amod
matter<--det prep
Peladeau<--nn
image<--poss
offer<--det amod
p.m.<--num
levels<--nn
lower<--advmod
filled<--nsubjpass auxpass prep
claimed<--nsubj ccomp
yield<--det prep prep
impact<--det amod prep
able<--nsubj aux neg cop xcomp
maker<--det dep prep
first<--det prep
for<--pobj advmod pobj
at<--mwe
increase<--det prep prep
atmosphere<--poss
focus<--nsubj aux prep
industries<--amod
plans<--nsubj xcomp
Nekoosa<--nn nn
floors<--det prep
date<--poss nn
stabilize<--aux dobj
do<--aux dobj prep
Service<--det nn nn
going<--nsubj aux xcomp cc conj
was<--nsubj advcl
give<--iobj dobj
quoted<--prep nsubjpass nsubjpass auxpass prep
hand<--poss
goods<--cc conj
talk<--aux prep
books<--poss
suit<--det vmod
$<--num prep amod
On<--pobj
bikes<--det
Hastings<--nn
Beyond<--pobj
increase<--aux dobj
Jersey<--nn
demand<--amod nn
South<--det
increased<--nsubjpass auxpass prep
's<--expl nsubj
addition<--det amod prep
members<--prep
were<--prep nsubj
basis<--det prep
announcement<--det amod
all<--cc conj prep
were<--nsubj prep prep
able<--mark nsubj aux neg cop xcomp
Bank<--prep
Co.<--nn nn nn
below<--advmod pobj
challenge<--det amod
benefits<--det
plans<--nsubj advmod xcomp
literally<--advmod
people<--num vmod
came<--nsubj advcl
taxes<--nn
Before<--pobj
directors<--det
IMF<--det possessive
traders<--nn nn
like<--pcomp
into<--advmod pobj
lines<--nn
happen<--aux
Court<--det nn
individuals<--amod
just<--neg
required<--nsubjpass aux auxpass xcomp
receive<--nsubj advmod aux dobj
people<--det rcmod
sides<--det
investments<--amod
groups<--amod amod
size<--det
Systems<--nn nn
bid<--det prep
research<--amod
through<--pobj
70<--quantmod
Administration<--det nn
company<--det nn nn nn
make<--aux acomp
Committee<--det nn
Inc<--poss nn nn
window<--det prep
outlook<--det prep
discussions<--amod
company<--det amod
majority<--det amod prep
fight<--aux dobj
Between<--pobj
source<--det prep
costs<--poss
cars<--det
buy-back<--det
meeting<--det nn
workers<--nn prep
issue<--det
pressing<--advmod
alliance<--det prep
except<--pobj
were<--mark nsubj advmod
purchase<--aux dobj
Out<--pcomp
practice<--det
failure<--poss vmod
UAW<--det
products<--amod nn
63<--quantmod
market<--det rcmod
tends<--nsubj xcomp
Street<--nn possessive
analysts<--amod
outflows<--amod prep
more<--advmod prep
programs<--amod
move<--det rcmod
buy-out<--det
Chan<--nn
see<--mark nsubj aux
rate<--det nn
did<--nsubj xcomp
momentum<--poss
this<--predet
for<--pobj
legislation<--vmod
times<--amod
prospect<--det prep
region<--det
intends<--nsubj xcomp
Committee<--det nn nn
buyer<--det
Chamber<--det nn prep
energy<--det amod
rights<--nn prep
employer<--det
approach<--poss amod
July<--amod
say<--nsubj
be<--nsubj aux xcomp
is<--prep nsubj prep
Americans<--rcmod
comparable<--nsubj cop neg advmod parataxis
month<--advmod det
rose<--nsubj dobj prep parataxis
Ministry<--det prep
Barcalounger<--det conj conj cc conj
Graphics<--nn
families<--amod
makers<--amod nn
settlement<--det prep
but<--dep
used<--xcomp
take<--dobj
approval<--prep
Bell<--nn possessive
spending<--prep
Casualty<--nn
use<--prep
markets<--amod nn
position<--det amod prep
fine<--det amod
focus<--aux prep
accounts<--det
Jersey<--nn possessive
positions<--amod prep
economy<--poss
accounts<--poss amod
need<--nsubj dobj
test<--det
end<--det amod
at<--pobj pobj pobj
period<--det amod prep
includes<--nsubj advmod dobj
allegations<--prep
Ortega<--nn
debt<--poss amod
Washington<--appos
help<--nsubj ccomp
accused<--nsubjpass auxpass prep
partnership<--prep
Inc<--nn
share<--poss
fell<--nsubj dobj prep
crash<--det
state<--det possessive
disobedience<--amod
war<--det nn
parties<--amod
seen<--advmod prep
offer<--det
Corp.<--nn nn nn appos
covering<--dobj
step<--det amod
triple-A<--prep
selling<--dobj
IAFP<--det
evidence<--amod prep
Corp.<--nn nn nn possessive
anything<--advmod
firm<--det nn
fill<--aux prt dobj
signal<--det amod prep
in<--pobj pobj
going<--mark nsubj aux xcomp
issue<--det amod prep
points<--num cc conj
tons<--num
any<--prep
Mitchell<--nn
called<--nsubj xcomp
town<--det prep
it<--cc conj
investors<--rcmod
investments<--amod amod
garden<--poss
do<--aux dobj
Like<--pobj
adjustments<--nn
Boston<--nn
$<--quantmod quantmod number number num
know<--aux dobj
side<--det amod prep
totaled<--nsubj dobj advmod
shares<--num nn
proposals<--det
responsibility<--det
sign<--det prep
article<--det
up<--pcomp
looks<--nsubj prep
dropped<--nsubj dobj prep prep
orders<--det
rose<--nsubj prep prep
press<--aux dobj
something<--prep
companies<--nn
indications<--det nn
Congress<--det dep
rumors<--ccomp
firm<--det nn prep
have<--advmod nsubj dobj
stake<--poss amod
Chapter<--num prep
creditors<--poss
controls<--nsubj dobj
yen<--num num
agencies<--det
years<--num prep
exploration<--cc conj
situation<--det rcmod
industrials<--nsubj dobj
comprises<--nsubj dobj
Fund<--poss
$<--number dep
always<--advmod
studio<--det
majority<--det prep
reduce<--aux dobj
threatening<--dobj
investors<--amod prep
packages<--nn
Colgate<--possessive
decline<--det amod prep
Peters<--nn
same<--det
comes<--advmod nsubj prep
include<--nsubj aux dobj
changing<--dobj
court<--det nn
government<--det nn
imports<--amod
ownership<--nn
rules<--nn
work<--det
loans<--det
losses<--det
dropped<--prep nsubj dobj prep prep
doors<--poss
According<--pcomp
line<--det
%<--num prep cc num conj prep
right<--det vmod
work<--nsubj
against<--pobj pobj
Health<--cc conj
time<--det amod rcmod
pay<--nsubj aux dobj prep
stores<--amod
news<--det
purpose<--poss amod
$<--quantmod number number num
well<--advmod
reserves<--amod
policy<--amod
Giants<--det
time<--poss
fixed<--advmod nsubjpass auxpass tmod
1970s<--det amod
traffic<--nn
men<--det num
see<--aux dep
issues<--det
writing<--dobj
also<--cc
holds<--nsubj dobj cc conj
confirmation<--prep
turnover<--prep
connected<--prep
due<--nsubj cop prep
decision<--poss vmod
took<--mark nsubj dobj prep
profit<--det
Tokyo<--possessive
bid<--poss amod prep
piece<--det prep
ground<--det
eight<--quantmod
thrift<--det
trading<--amod prep
risky<--advmod
unit<--det prep
respondents<--det
forces<--nn
head<--det amod
party<--det amod nn
from<--pobj pobj
placed<--advmod
3/8<--number
ad<--det
life<--poss
are<--advmod nsubj
costs<--amod nn
want<--nsubj aux neg xcomp
growth<--poss amod
competition<--amod prep
posted<--nsubj dobj
buy<--nsubj
exposure<--poss
lines<--det nn
governing<--dobj
gold<--nn nn
regime<--det nn
is<--expl nsubj
but<--pobj
slowdown<--det
people<--amod
important<--advmod
views<--amod prep
success<--poss
policies<--amod
hit<--aux dobj
executive<--det amod
funds<--det num amod vmod
Now<--ccomp
holds<--nsubj dobj
%<--dep num
$<--dep number dep number
priced<--nsubjpass auxpass prep prep
markets<--det
Lynch<--nn
relations<--nn
views<--poss
says<--advcl nsubj ccomp
Major<--nn
as<--pobj
completing<--dobj
lawyers<--num
look<--aux prep
hacker<--det
Toyota<--possessive
Chicago<--possessive
Co<--nn nn
20,000<--quantmod
sales<--nn cc conj
nothing<--rcmod
building<--dobj
attempting<--xcomp
company<--det amod amod
agency<--det nn nn nn
Australia<--nn
Early<--prep
calls<--nn
Roberts<--nn
experiencing<--nsubj aux dobj
strike<--det
drop<--det nn
package<--det amod
stock<--det
sides<--det num
traded<--prep
Lynch<--nn cc conj
Co<--nn
include<--prep nsubj dobj
improve<--aux dobj
said<--ccomp
Inc<--nn nn nn
firm<--det amod nn
school<--det
chunk<--det amod prep
view<--det amod
outcome<--det amod
details<--amod
California<--possessive
accounted<--nsubj prep
government<--det
debt<--amod amod
documents<--vmod
circumstances<--det amod
history<--det prep
Secretary<--prep
segments<--amod prep
cause<--nsubj aux dobj
close<--det prep
host<--det prep
charge<--det amod vmod
addition<--prep
owns<--nsubj dobj
from<--pobj
action<--poss
Inc.<--nn nn nn
tax<--nn
market<--det nn nn
price<--det amod
pence<--num num appos
establish<--aux dobj
risk<--nn
schedule<--det amod
value<--det amod prep
come<--aux
named<--dep
reaction<--prep
downturn<--det amod
loss<--det amod amod
groups<--amod
Malaysia<--possessive
cracks<--det
vehicles<--amod
want<--nsubj dobj
directors<--num prep
give<--nsubj aux iobj dobj
did<--mark nsubj
in<--advmod pobj pobj
$<--det num rcmod
traded<--nsubj advmod prep
In<--pcomp
earnings<--poss amod prep
tend<--nsubj xcomp
president<--nsubj aux cop cc conj prep
units<--det amod
policy<--poss nn
thousands<--det prep
's<--nsubj advcl
rates<--amod
Bank<--det nn nn
we<--det
lawmakers<--amod
ANC<--det
available<--nsubj prep
sold<--auxpass prep
7/8<--number
funds<--amod prep
came<--nsubj prep
plans<--amod
hurricane<--det
Saatchi<--possessive
industry<--poss nn
Salinas<--nn
judge<--det possessive
service<--aux dobj
Brady<--nn
purchase<--det prep
spend<--aux
tenure<--poss
represents<--nsubj dobj
Index<--det nn nn nn
produced<--nsubj aux dobj
results<--det amod
PLC<--nn
up<--prep
market<--det nn possessive
Rica<--nn
foreign<--cc conj
London<--possessive
known<--prep
gain<--det prep
retains<--nsubj dobj
rose<--prep nsubj dobj prep prep
inflation<--amod
division<--det nn
arbitrage<--nn
10,000<--quantmod
attention<--amod
year<--amod possessive
audiences<--poss
pact<--det
executives<--det num
prices<--nn prep
International<--nn
crews<--nn
$<--num cc conj num dep num cc conj num dep
administration<--det possessive
ghost<--poss
income<--nn
package<--det
reported<--prep nsubj dobj
repair<--aux dobj
sources<--amod
computers<--prep
car<--det nn
America<--amod
account<--poss amod
proceeds<--det
title<--det prep
about<--pobj
acquire<--aux dobj prep
Mixte<--nn
letter<--det
point<--det amod nn
apply<--nsubj aux prep
directors<--prep
supposed<--nsubjpass auxpass xcomp
closed<--prep tmod nsubj prep advmod
criticism<--amod prep
Given<--dep
CFTC<--det
be<--aux advmod
contract<--det vmod
on<--advmod
says<--ccomp
creating<--cc conj dobj
business<--det nn nn
US$<--num
bank<--det amod
lives<--poss
man<--det rcmod
see<--nsubj dobj prep
UAL<--possessive
had<--advmod nsubj dobj prep
list<--det prep
done<--prep
something<--rcmod
waiting<--prep
Gandhi<--nn
paying<--dobj
quality<--det prep cc conj
Association<--det nn nn
than<--advmod pcomp
vehicles<--num
quarter<--poss amod amod
machine<--det
amount<--amod nn prep
stocks<--poss
barrels<--num prep
computers<--poss
script<--det
trading<--det
reflects<--nsubj dobj
account<--det amod
at<--pobj cc conj
made<--nsubj aux xcomp
Field<--nn possessive
guidelines<--det
positions<--poss
ahead<--prep
freeway<--det
large<--advmod
work<--amod nn
hour<--det amod prep
downturn<--det
resolve<--aux dobj
father<--poss possessive
team<--poss
Bell<--nn
%<--number number
finance<--amod
promote<--aux dobj
court<--det nn prep
%<--num appos num
42<--quantmod
produce<--dobj
known<--advmod prep
%<--nsubj cop num
appreciation<--det amod prep
thousands<--prep
rather<--mwe
high<--advmod prep
reports<--nn
of<--pobj
institutions<--amod amod
ones<--amod
conference<--det
lost<--nsubj dobj prep prep
coming<--nsubj aux
involving<--dobj
unable<--xcomp
handle<--aux dobj
cents<--num prep
rose<--nsubj
shaped<--prep
say<--advcl nsubj ccomp
storm<--det
Chancellor<--prep
1/2<--num
expires<--nsubj tmod
warrants<--amod
East<--det
greater<--advmod
drop<--det amod
beyond<--advmod pobj
aimed<--prep
example<--det prep
into<--pobj
months<--det amod
describes<--nsubj dobj
doing<--advmod
bid<--det
brain<--det
care<--nn
controlled<--prep
candidates<--nn
than<--pobj
bonds<--amod
Paul<--nn
capacity<--poss nn
around<--dep
with<--pobj cc conj pobj
introduced<--nsubjpass aux auxpass ccomp
rights<--amod
service<--prep
stem<--nsubj prep
East<--det nn
increase<--det amod
make<--aux ccomp
in<--pobj advmod pobj
brokers<--prep
price<--poss nn prep
creditors<--amod
matters<--amod
futures<--nn
from<--pcomp pobj
one<--nsubj cop prep
far<--advmod
expressed<--nsubj dobj
top<--det
brand<--det amod
plant<--det
switch<--aux prep
require<--nsubj aux neg dobj
by<--advmod pobj
effort<--det vmod
family<--det
troubles<--poss
bond<--det amod
merger<--det
system<--det amod
Bakker<--nn
Guaranteed<--prep
stocks<--det rcmod
Using<--dobj
Park<--nn
anything<--rcmod
state<--det amod prep
meeting<--poss amod
is<--mark nsubj xcomp
cars<--num
charges<--nsubj ccomp
cent<--num
revenue<--rcmod
companies<--amod rcmod
parent<--poss
work<--nsubj aux neg
required<--prep
told<--nsubj dobj dep
Along<--pcomp
says<--ccomp nsubj vmod
OPEC<--possessive
unlike<--pobj
quarter<--det amod
bad<--advmod
from<--pobj prep
planned<--nsubj xcomp
report<--aux dobj prep
1990s<--det
majority<--det amod
extent<--det prep
Contras<--det
violation<--det prep
treatment<--det
unit<--det nn nn
offer<--nsubj aux dobj
fell<--prep nsubj dobj prep
cars<--amod
view<--det amod prep
Bogart<--nn
handling<--dobj
effort<--det amod vmod
building<--det amod
ideas<--amod
fees<--nn
earlier<--npadvmod
stock<--cc conj
mark<--det amod
amid<--pobj
$<--num prep amod vmod
money<--prep
plans<--xcomp
under<--advmod
questions<--amod
going<--advmod nsubj aux xcomp
water<--amod
volume<--nn nn nn nn
confidence<--nn
merger<--det prep
products<--nn cc conj
recently<--advmod
issuance<--poss num nn
catch<--aux prt prep
million<--number number number number
change<--aux dobj
guidelines<--det amod
without<--advmod pobj
have<--nsubj aux dobj cc conj
through<--advmod pobj
rates<--nn nn
charges<--det amod
Wilshire<--nn
ago<--advmod
favors<--nsubj dobj
transaction<--det
demands<--poss
news<--ccomp
evidence<--vmod
units<--det
beyond<--pobj
based<--nsubjpass auxpass prep
rules<--amod
penalty<--det nn
is<--prep nsubj
thought<--mark nsubj ccomp
connection<--prep
markets<--det nn
recent<--advmod
system<--det amod prep
funds<--nn
rule<--poss amod
version<--det nn prep
include<--nsubj aux neg dobj
appear<--nsubj xcomp
workers<--num
$<--num cc conj num dep num
takes<--nsubj dobj
sell<--aux dobj prep
parents<--poss
workers<--cc conj
let<--mark nsubj ccomp
jobs<--det
rated<--nsubjpass auxpass acomp prep cc conj prep
20<--quantmod dep
executives<--nn
million<--number quantmod number
costs<--amod
remarks<--poss
include<--aux dobj
Turner<--nn
top<--prep
Oil<--nn
form<--poss amod
chairman<--prep
Oct.<--dep
longer<--dep
friend<--det
vote<--det amod
chairman<--det
Institutes<--det nn prep
profits<--poss
by<--pobj cc conj pobj
interviewed<--nsubj dobj prep
centers<--amod nn
Hutton<--nn nn
spend<--aux dobj prep
act<--det num
Park<--nn appos
military<--det
kinds<--det prep
options<--vmod
system<--poss amod nn
profit<--det amod prep
francs<--num dep
accounts<--nsubj prep
affect<--nsubj aux dobj
spread<--det prep
arguments<--amod
process<--det nn
4<--quantmod
plans<--nsubj xcomp cc conj
Exxon<--possessive
cars<--poss
comes<--nsubj prt prep
properties<--det
Corp.<--nn
interests<--poss
had<--nsubj dobj prep
have<--nsubj aux xcomp
marks<--num
side<--det
say<--cc nsubj ccomp
fell<--nsubj dobj prep cc conj
cost<--nsubj aux dobj
reported<--nsubj dobj prep
metals<--det
Korea<--nn
Renaissance<--possessive
trying<--prep nsubj aux xcomp
said<--advmod nsubj ccomp
%<--num number
insurance<--amod
sustain<--aux dobj
rates<--nn
buy<--dobj
enter<--aux dobj
Strip<--det
diluted<--advmod
to<--advmod pobj
interests<--amod
needed<--nsubj xcomp
shape<--amod
sales<--num prep
What<--prep
get<--dobj
found<--nsubj dobj
Entertainment<--nn
operations<--poss amod
requests<--nn
amount<--det prep
hurt<--dobj
then<--advmod
magazine<--poss
little<--det
goals<--poss amod
services<--nn prep
chunks<--amod prep
is<--advmod nsubj xcomp
produce<--nsubj dobj
making<--dobj
State<--det prep
week<--det
operations<--nn
Giuliani<--nn
figures<--det
holders<--amod
interview<--det
quarter<--det num
debt<--nn
profit<--nn
participated<--nsubj prep
fear<--prep
capture<--aux dobj
created<--nsubj aux dobj
grow<--aux
go<--aux advmod
slightly<--advmod
three<--cc conj
aggressive<--advmod
production<--prep
require<--nsubj aux dobj
price<--det amod prep
found<--nsubj xcomp
have<--prep nsubj aux dobj
option<--det vmod
performance<--poss
much<--advmod
drop<--det amod prep
unit<--poss nn
expects<--nsubj advmod xcomp
acquisition<--det prep
four<--number dep
names<--det prep
estimated<--prep
control<--aux dobj
analyst<--num
April<--num
failed<--nsubj xcomp
exports<--amod
decades<--num
areas<--prep
agreement<--det amod
force<--poss nn
farmers<--det
on<--dep pobj
1987<--amod
of<--pobj pcomp
shows<--amod
spokeswoman<--det
Digital<--possessive
field<--det
issued<--advmod
members<--num
buy-out<--det amod
credibility<--poss
help<--aux dobj
are<--nsubj advmod prep
people<--nn
stocks<--det
above<--advmod pobj
develop<--aux dobj
more<--prep
Krenz<--nn
sell<--aux dobj prep prep
quarter<--poss amod
publisher<--prep
is<--advmod nsubj prep
decision<--det amod vmod
%<--number num
Dec.<--num
3/4<--number number
value<--nn
Square<--nn
1995-1999<--num cc conj
operations<--nn prep
priced<--nsubjpass auxpass prep prep xcomp
Japanese<--det
From<--pobj
money<--amod
Rich<--nn
find<--nsubj aux dobj
size<--det prep
lot<--det prep
schools<--amod
centers<--det
shares<--prep dep
make<--mark nsubj aux dobj
Co.<--nn nn appos
after<--advmod pcomp
bench<--poss
Chapter<--num
event<--det
began<--nsubj dobj prep
chances<--poss prep
generate<--aux dobj
gains<--det
price<--det prep
levels<--amod nn
totaling<--dobj
matter<--det
associates<--nn
take<--nsubj aux tmod xcomp
less<--prep
were<--nsubj prep advmod
resistance<--det
jury<--det
climbed<--nsubj dobj prep prep
notes<--amod amod
Members<--prep
agreed<--nsubj aux xcomp
is<--mark nsubj prep
wave<--det amod prep
traders<--det
strength<--amod
give<--aux dobj prep
took<--nsubj dobj prep vmod
take<--mark nsubj aux dobj
Inc.<--nn nn nn prep
Most<--prep
bond<--poss nn amod
45<--quantmod
ago<--npadvmod
clients<--poss
is<--nsubj xcomp
affected<--nsubjpass auxpass prep
floor<--det
concern<--det nn nn
carrier<--det
system<--det amod nn
April<--amod
share<--poss prep
getting<--prep
reasons<--det
changes<--nn
at<--pobj advmod
compromise<--det
agencies<--amod
instead<--mwe
forced<--nsubjpass auxpass xcomp
forced<--advmod nsubj xcomp
stock<--det amod
room<--det amod nn
them<--det
different<--advmod prep
point<--det
officer<--amod nn
Cathay<--possessive
estimated<--nsubj ccomp
were<--cc expl nsubj
adding<--ccomp
law<--det
explore<--aux dobj
job<--det
figures<--amod
inches<--num
surged<--nsubj dobj prep prep
work<--det prep
information<--amod prep
reduce<--nsubj aux dobj prep
10<--quantmod dep
trades<--det
hold<--nsubj dobj
headed<--prep
Inc<--nn nn
will<--amod
effective<--advmod
left<--nsubj dobj
view<--det
Wolf<--nn cc conj
companies<--det amod
one<--det rcmod
claims<--nsubj ccomp
imposed<--prep
fell<--nsubj prep prep
markets<--poss
imports<--prep
rose<--nsubj advmod prep
bid<--poss prep
plans<--prep
steel<--prep
reason<--det
Tucson<--dep
results<--det prep
winning<--dobj
day<--det possessive
employed<--prep
damage<--amod
gave<--nsubj iobj dobj parataxis
nation<--det amod
give<--aux dobj
moment<--det
demand<--amod prep
Estate<--nn
away<--prep
Icahn<--nn
expand<--aux dobj prep
that<--vmod
Rubens<--det
uncertainty<--prep
accept<--aux dobj
believed<--nsubjpass auxpass xcomp
as<--mwe pobj
supporting<--mark dobj
on<--pobj cc conj pobj
assets<--det
finance<--dobj
GM<--possessive
death<--det prep
marketplace<--det
Icahn<--nn appos
story<--det prep
One<--prep
interested<--prep
trust<--det
issues<--det amod
camera<--det
nature<--det prep
offer<--poss prep
says<--dep nsubj
Carpenter<--nn
Corp.<--nn cc conj
attitude<--det amod
months<--det amod num prep
Quebecor<--possessive
process<--det
needs<--nsubj dobj
rescue<--aux dobj
efforts<--poss
markets<--det amod nn
session<--det
get<--nsubj aux dobj prep
goes<--mark nsubj advmod
from<--pcomp prep
run<--nsubj prep
orders<--prep
closed<--nsubj cop
allows<--nsubj xcomp
went<--nsubj advmod prep
beneath<--pobj
year<--det vmod
Section<--num
shift<--det
$<--quantmod number
division<--det nn prep
all<--cc conj
genes<--det
continue<--nsubj aux prep
indicating<--dobj
keep<--aux xcomp
things<--det amod
of<--advmod mwe pobj
industries<--nn
notes<--det dep amod
things<--amod vmod
reports<--prep
advertising<--amod
headquarters<--poss
away<--advmod
life<--det amod
began<--xcomp
securities<--vmod
reporter<--det prep
know<--nsubj prep
coverage<--nn
offered<--prep
bill<--det amod rcmod
1990<--amod
having<--ccomp
public<--det amod
one<--nsubj cop advmod prep
curb<--aux dobj
strategies<--nn
Guber<--nn
million<--quantmod
affair<--det nn
days<--det
debate<--det amod
economy<--det amod
growth<--amod
francs<--num
launch<--aux dobj
operations<--poss amod nn
systems<--amod amod
trying<--xcomp
Dec.<--num num
hurt<--prep
times<--prep
people<--det nn
on<--advmod pobj
end<--det
offering<--dobj prep
offer<--det amod prep
decade<--num
move<--det amod
Thornburgh<--nn
upon<--pobj
premium<--det amod nn prep
role<--det amod
try<--advmod nsubj xcomp
comment<--aux
shares<--num prep
improve<--dobj
of<--advmod pcomp
seeking<--dobj
prevent<--aux dobj
named<--nsubjpass auxpass prep
Department<--det prep
session<--det amod
ad<--num
pay<--nsubj aux prep
important<--advmod prep
Exchequer<--det
screens<--poss
volume<--amod nn
are<--expl nsubj cc conj
role<--det amod prep
hours<--amod
view<--poss
Oct.<--num num num
minute<--det amod
obtaining<--dobj
systems<--amod
Corp<--nn nn
concern<--det dep nn
future<--det
man<--num
August<--amod
ability<--det vmod
wanted<--mark nsubj dobj
offered<--nsubj dobj prep
those<--amod
said<--vmod nsubj ccomp
has<--advcl nsubj dobj
bills<--nn
interest<--amod prep
owned<--advmod prep
promise<--det prep
declines<--prep
spot<--det
underwriter<--det amod
pursue<--aux dobj
decided<--nsubj ccomp
needs<--mark nsubj dobj
charge<--det amod prep
six<--quantmod prep
land<--det rcmod
transportation<--dep advmod
facility<--det amod
make<--nsubj aux xcomp
%<--num prep num
risks<--det
heavy<--advmod
shows<--nsubj ccomp
night<--det
toward<--pobj
investor<--det prep
find<--dobj
Shearson<--possessive
sell<--aux
institution<--det amod
do<--aux
called<--dep
parent<--det
collection<--det prep
chairman<--nsubj cop prep
loss<--det
music<--det
parent<--det prep
sell<--aux dobj advmod
utilities<--amod
Line<--nn
said<--nsubj ccomp cc conj ccomp
dollar<--det amod rcmod
for<--advmod pobj
way<--det amod rcmod
dollar<--det amod
rate<--det amod nn
chips<--det
failed<--mark nsubj aux xcomp
invest<--aux prep
holders<--nn nn
succeeds<--nsubj dobj
thing<--num rcmod
looking<--nsubj aux prep
have<--dobj prep
carrier<--det possessive
sales<--amod nn
Stearns<--nn
easily<--advmod
stake<--det amod prep
high<--nsubj cop advmod
1/8<--number number
measures<--nsubj dobj
session<--det amod amod
higher<--advmod
serve<--aux prep
report<--det ccomp
nation<--det
exchange<--amod
Pearce<--nn
denies<--nsubj dobj
by<--advmod pcomp
have<--nsubj dobj cc conj
Baker<--possessive
people<--amod prep
half<--amod prep
doing<--dobj
reflect<--nsubj dobj
passed<--prep
bills<--poss
idea<--det
going<--nsubj advmod aux neg xcomp
rate<--det prep
made<--advmod nsubj dobj
deny<--aux dobj
city<--det prep
U.S.<--det possessive
campaign<--det vmod
business<--poss
buy<--det amod
funds<--det nn
gained<--nsubj dobj prep
place<--aux dobj
help<--aux ccomp
work<--prep
democracy<--amod
that<--advmod
produced<--prep nsubj dobj
Hollander<--nn
structure<--det amod
desk<--poss
survey<--det
results<--det
market<--det amod
completed<--nsubj dobj
At<--pobj
securities<--nn nn dep
considered<--nsubjpass auxpass acomp
offering<--det
Much<--prep
shares<--nn nn
data<--amod
challenge<--det amod prep
treatment<--amod
gains<--amod prep
backed<--nsubjpass auxpass prep cc conj
market<--det
managers<--amod nn
moved<--nsubj prep
Bank<--nn nn prep
ended<--nsubj advmod prep
network<--det amod
back<--prep
official<--det
presence<--poss
made<--nsubj dobj prep
African<--amod
keeping<--nsubj aux xcomp
reasons<--nn
means<--nsubj ccomp
francs<--num amod
systems<--nn
Gandhi<--nn possessive
related<--prep
takeovers<--amod
One<--prep appos
company<--det prep
funded<--advmod
concern<--det
all<--rcmod
resignation<--det prep
center<--det nn prep
Roman<--nn
heart<--poss
have<--advcl nsubj xcomp
in<--pobj
Office<--det prep
step<--det amod prep
divided<--nsubjpass auxpass prep
tens<--prep
$<--amod num cc conj num dep
mentioned<--prep
issued<--prep
D.T.<--possessive
two<--quantmod
red<--det
death<--poss
India<--possessive
relations<--amod
law<--amod
world<--det nn
stock<--poss
half<--prep
series<--det prep
talked<--nsubj prep
offered<--nsubjpass auxpass prep prep
front<--prep
predict<--nsubj ccomp
were<--nsubj xcomp
gives<--nsubj iobj dobj
out<--pcomp
promises<--nsubj xcomp
recession<--det amod
reasons<--amod
place<--amod
system<--det nn prep
want<--nsubj advmod xcomp
ways<--amod
Noriega<--nn possessive
Lincoln<--possessive
group<--det prep
gains<--nn
behind<--pobj
know<--nsubj aux neg ccomp
measures<--amod vmod
Moody<--possessive cc conj
coming<--prep
progress<--amod
losses<--poss amod
said<--cc nsubj ccomp
premiums<--prep
role<--poss
Oct.<--num
investments<--amod prep
reorganization<--det
pay<--aux dobj prep
accomplish<--aux dobj
operations<--nn nn
in<--cc conj pcomp
drop<--det amod nn
position<--det
company<--det nn
Bush<--nn possessive
likely<--nsubj cop xcomp
threat<--det prep
search<--det prep
strategy<--poss amod
that<--prep
Japan<--possessive
six<--quantmod
meeting<--det amod prep
regime<--det
June<--num num
Inc.<--poss nn nn
week<--det prep
Perspective<--nn nn nn nn appos
close<--aux dobj prep
company<--det nn nn
institute<--det
century<--det amod amod
dividend<--poss
restrictions<--amod prep
is<--nsubj advcl
University<--nn
law<--det amod
lawyers<--poss
provide<--nsubj dobj
stock<--nn nn
was<--advmod expl nsubj
match<--aux dobj
16<--quantmod
price<--det
slightly<--advmod prep
Pacific<--nn
premium<--det amod prep
quarter<--det amod det amod
after<--pobj
foundation<--poss
made<--nsubj dobj
EC<--det
took<--prep nsubj prt dobj
had<--nsubj xcomp
were<--nsubj prep
portfolios<--nn
reporting<--dobj
designed<--xcomp
Oppenheimer<--cc conj
seems<--mark nsubj xcomp
competitors<--amod
conducted<--prep
expected<--nsubjpass auxpass xcomp
Guard<--det nn
drop<--det
proposal<--det vmod
duties<--poss
author<--det possessive
Volokh<--nn
agencies<--nn
hours<--num dep
U.S.<--det advmod
sale<--det prep prep
river<--det
futures<--det
liquidity<--amod
people<--num
paying<--dobj prep
start<--det amod
steps<--amod
like<--pobj
drop<--aux dobj advmod
key<--det prep
hand<--det amod
order<--det nn
recovery<--det prep
billion<--number number number number
%<--num num
have<--mark nsubj aux dobj advcl
known<--nsubjpass auxpass prep
mortgage<--det amod
jump<--det amod
adds<--ccomp nsubj
RTC<--det
concerns<--prep
know<--nsubj aux neg advcl
hire<--aux dobj
prosecutors<--amod
costs<--det amod prep
towel<--det
executives<--amod
have<--prep nsubj dobj
are<--prep nsubj
canal<--det
short<--prep
number<--det amod
home<--poss
argue<--nsubj ccomp
go<--aux prep advcl
individuals<--det
purposes<--amod amod
Young<--cc conj
believe<--nsubj ccomp
analyst<--det
operations<--poss nn
has<--nsubj dobj
says<--nsubj advmod ccomp
remainder<--det prep
sales<--amod amod nn
Food<--cc conj
Rothschilds<--det
Icahn<--nn possessive
strength<--det prep
analysts<--num
sellers<--amod
official<--det prep
company<--det amod nn
conditions<--amod
support<--amod prep
genes<--amod
ventures<--amod
Party<--det nn nn
performance<--poss amod
campaign<--det nn
states<--det
expected<--advcl nsubjpass auxpass xcomp
hope<--nsubj ccomp
raise<--aux dobj xcomp
bill<--det vmod
Organization<--det prep
Fireman<--possessive
toward<--pcomp
showed<--mark nsubj dobj
%<--det amod num num
Jones<--nn nn
profit<--amod amod prep
loyalty<--nn
3/4<--num
Earth<--det possessive
worry<--nsubj ccomp
seconds<--num
products<--det amod
fill<--aux dobj
place<--det amod
followed<--nsubj dobj
hands<--poss
currency<--amod
subject<--det prep
sold<--nsubjpass aux auxpass prep
factories<--amod
Air<--nn possessive
having<--dobj
business<--cc conj
proposal<--det
loan<--det
States<--det nn
fees<--amod prep
Cheney<--nn
vote<--det
wave<--det amod prep prep
point<--num nn
fall<--aux
economy<--det nn
style<--det prep
figure<--det amod prep
Profit<--prep
stocks<--amod amod
says<--prep nsubj ccomp
opposed<--mark prep
won<--nsubj dobj prep
indicates<--nsubj ccomp
revenue<--prep prep
programs<--det
Jan.<--num
Bartlett<--nn
offer<--aux dobj
year<--det rcmod
client<--det
up<--pobj pobj
decline<--det
holders<--nn
range<--nsubj prep
resume<--aux dobj prep
attorney<--det prep
cells<--amod amod
Besides<--pobj
forces<--amod amod
volume<--amod
provide<--aux dobj
added<--ccomp nsubj
earnings<--poss
benefits<--nn
strike<--poss
speculation<--ccomp
fell<--nsubj advmod prep
unit<--poss nn nn nn
street<--det
found<--ccomp
lure<--aux dobj
awarded<--nsubj dobj prep
Corp.<--nn nn rcmod
acres<--num prep
quarter<--det num amod
posted<--prep nsubj dobj
introduced<--nsubj dobj
payable<--tmod prep
services<--poss
For<--pobj
question<--det amod
able<--prep nsubj aux cop xcomp
except<--pcomp
during<--pobj
sell<--nsubj dobj
unable<--nsubj cop xcomp
planned<--mark nsubj xcomp
Washington<--possessive
early<--advmod prep
trade<--det amod
firm<--det nn nn prep
Ford<--possessive
Administration<--det nn nn
begin<--aux xcomp
discount<--det prep
majors<--det
paper<--amod
dollars<--nn
Association<--det nn prep
describing<--dobj
work<--amod
say<--mark nsubj ccomp
of<--mwe pobj
Oct.<--num num
put<--nsubj aux dobj prep
add<--nsubj aux dobj prep
changes<--det amod prep
index<--det
stake<--det amod amod prep
Fargo<--nn cc conj
making<--nsubj aux dobj
judges<--amod
relief<--nn
goal<--det
court<--det
Airlines<--nn
even<--pobj
Senate<--det
Rock<--nn
water<--det amod
traded<--nsubj prep prep prep
outperform<--aux dobj
system<--det nn rcmod
players<--amod
capacity<--poss amod
insurance<--amod nn
problems<--nn
declined<--nsubj
developed<--nsubj dobj
move<--det prep
confrontation<--det
have<--mark nsubj aux xcomp
exchanges<--det
decide<--aux ccomp
things<--det
stocks<--cc conj
plunged<--nsubj dobj prep prep
was<--nsubj prep advcl
80<--quantmod
this<--cc conj
afford<--nsubj aux neg xcomp
sold<--mark nsubjpass aux auxpass prep
lender<--det
venture<--det amod prep
1988<--amod
lift<--aux dobj
studying<--dobj
billion<--number number
post<--det nn
want<--mark nsubj aux neg xcomp
revenue<--prep
string<--det prep
board<--det amod
for<--pcomp pobj
provide<--aux dobj prep
date<--det amod
change<--det prep
Exchange<--det nn nn nn
network<--det
party<--det amod
runs<--nsubj dobj
found<--prep
Airways<--nn
right<--nsubj cop
market<--aux dobj
sweetened<--nsubj dobj prep
week<--amod amod
had<--nsubj aux dobj
U.S.<--det cc conj
available<--prep
faces<--nsubj dobj
Eastern<--possessive
have<--nsubj dobj
some<--vmod
Ltd.<--nn appos
prices<--poss amod
$<--quantmod quantmod quantmod number number
so<--dep
orders<--amod amod
office<--det nn nn
times<--num
steelmaker<--poss amod
quoted<--nsubjpass auxpass prep advmod
close<--nsubj cop prep
offers<--dobj
Africa<--nn
think<--nsubj advmod ccomp
measure<--det
risk<--amod
filed<--prep
make<--nsubj aux dobj prep
members<--poss
officials<--nn
Treasury<--det
members<--det
Weisfield<--possessive
Inc.<--nn nn nn appos
blame<--aux
give<--aux prt dobj
wife<--poss appos
fact<--det ccomp
unavailable<--nsubj cop prep
trillion<--number
finance<--aux dobj
means<--nsubj prep
companies<--rcmod
banks<--amod
confident<--nsubj cop ccomp
coupon<--det prep
are<--nsubj dep
Tisch<--nn
release<--aux dobj
parts<--prep
stop<--aux dobj
Berlin<--nn
president<--det nn
sees<--nsubj dobj
1/8<--number
delay<--det
designed<--nsubjpass auxpass prep
speech<--det
looking<--prep
Achenbaum<--nn
Hill<--nn
chains<--det
From<--pobj prep
security<--poss amod
Results<--prep
practices<--poss nn
Malcolm<--nn
reported<--prep
trend<--det amod
shareholders<--poss
Sharon<--possessive
reported<--advmod nsubj dobj
heights<--dep
division<--det prep
priced<--prep xcomp
University<--det prep prep
plan<--poss vmod
partners<--det amod
statement<--det amod
of<--pobj mwe pobj
if<--pobj
expense<--det prep
helping<--ccomp
expected<--advmod nsubjpass auxpass xcomp
values<--nn
managers<--cc conj
change<--det
left<--nsubj aux dobj prep
cuts<--amod nn
associated<--prep
$<--det num
say<--aux ccomp
day<--num
past<--det
investments<--poss
Management<--nn nn
threat<--det nn
Dynamics<--nn
all<--vmod
signs<--prep
plan<--poss
rates<--amod nn
funds<--amod nn
cut<--det amod nn
was<--prep nsubj advmod prep
fell<--nsubj prep
Pinkerton<--possessive
S&P<--det num
takes<--dobj nsubj xcomp
hope<--ccomp
proposal<--det amod
investment<--det prep
figure<--det amod
plant<--det possessive
losses<--nn
Communications<--nn nn
play<--aux dobj
floor<--det amod
ability<--poss vmod
thing<--det amod
advantage<--prep
plan<--det prep
approval<--poss
government<--det amod possessive
$<--num advmod
children<--amod
products<--amod cc conj
individual<--det
divided<--prep
be<--aux
units<--det num
issues<--amod amod
rise<--nsubj aux dobj prep
moving<--advmod prep
fall<--nsubj aux
scheme<--det
interest<--poss amod prep
possessing<--dobj
IBM<--rcmod
has<--dobj
things<--rcmod
January<--num
reform<--amod
falling<--mark nsubj aux
Bush<--nn
when<--advmod
agency<--det rcmod
garden<--det
needed<--xcomp
Since<--pobj
subject<--nsubj cop prep
cover<--aux dobj
minister<--det amod amod
yield<--aux dobj aux dobj
income<--amod
claims<--nn
securities<--amod nn
latter<--det
plans<--amod nn
commitments<--amod nn
buying<--nsubj aux dobj
shares<--nn
In<--pobj
increases<--amod prep
bonds<--nn
level<--det
California<--amod
hands<--amod
not<--cc
Institute<--det nn prep
magazine<--nn nn
buying<--advmod dobj
funds<--det amod
week<--advmod det
while<--pobj
filing<--det nn
seat<--det prep
paintings<--amod
agreed<--nsubj advmod xcomp
side<--det nn prep
threatened<--advmod nsubj xcomp
Morris<--nn
market<--det prep
volatility<--det prep
slid<--nsubj dobj prep prep
Mae<--nn possessive
University<--det prep
posts<--det
day<--det num
Procter<--cc conj
rising<--dobj prep
sell<--aux dobj xcomp
gained<--nsubj dobj tmod
rise<--det
debts<--poss
shares<--det amod
cars<--amod cc conj
closely<--advmod
defending<--dobj prep
help<--poss
need<--nsubj xcomp
comments<--poss
way<--det
record<--det amod nn
1980s<--det amod
Over<--pobj
Containers<--nn
declined<--nsubj dobj
generation<--det amod prep
operations<--det amod
has<--nsubj dobj advmod
started<--xcomp
wearing<--dobj
activity<--amod
man<--det
offer<--poss nn
sale<--det prep
soon<--advmod
concerns<--nsubj dobj
getting<--nsubj aux dobj
abortions<--prep
producers<--det num
rose<--nsubj dobj
has<--mark nsubj dobj
said<--nsubj aux ccomp
agreement<--det vmod
takes<--nsubj dobj prep
grown<--nsubj aux advmod prep
satisfy<--aux dobj
required<--nsubj xcomp
estimate<--poss prep
reason<--det amod dep
Let<--possessive
data<--amod prep
drug<--det
report<--det nn
manufacturing<--amod
successor<--poss
decline<--det amod
the<--amod prep
difficult<--advmod
Americans<--det
trading<--amod amod
buy<--aux dobj prep
issues<--amod amod prep
Gorbachev<--amod nn nn
expect<--nsubj aux neg ccomp
dispute<--det prep
fees<--amod
be<--aux prep
include<--nsubj dobj
market<--det amod rcmod
out<--advmod
was<--expl nsubj
calls<--dobj nsubj dep
Fees<--num
seemed<--nsubj prep
inventories<--nn
billion<--number
comes<--advmod nsubj
lawyer<--det nn
year<--amod possessive num
problems<--det prep
quarter<--det amod amod
contracts<--amod
production<--amod
purchase<--aux dobj prep
buy<--aux cc conj dobj
signed<--nsubj dobj
Co.<--nn prep
control<--prep
now<--advmod
named<--advmod nsubjpass auxpass xcomp
expenses<--amod
help<--nsubj aux xcomp
expressed<--prep
domestic<--cc conj
line<--poss
reduced<--nsubjpass aux auxpass prep
naczelnik<--det
case<--det prep
within<--pobj
deal<--aux prep
effects<--det amod prep
50<--quantmod
projects<--nn
investment<--amod
has<--nsubj advmod dobj cc conj
Institute<--nn
Tomash<--nn
year<--det
members<--amod prep
know<--aux ccomp
're<--mark nsubj prep
are<--nsubj ccomp
go<--nsubj aux prep
results<--nn
refund<--det
%<--num cc num conj
for<--pobj pcomp
profits<--prep
difficult<--nsubj cop xcomp
record<--poss prep
$<--num cc conj num cc conj
hour<--det prep
including<--pobj
setting<--prt dobj
piece<--det prep prep
investigating<--nsubj aux dobj
are<--cc expl nsubj
Alto<--nn
1930s<--det
oust<--aux dobj
people<--amod vmod
message<--poss
publish<--aux dobj
reluctance<--poss vmod
have<--nsubj aux dobj
owning<--dobj
finance<--nsubj aux dobj
make<--aux dobj
Sorrell<--nn
like<--nsubj aux neg dobj
amendment<--det
Smith<--nn possessive
less<--prep prep
D.<--dep
rated<--nsubjpass auxpass acomp prep cc conj
is<--expl neg nsubj
Air<--nn
get<--nsubj dobj
Vogelstein<--nn
included<--nsubj dobj
said<--dobj nsubj ccomp
dealers<--nn
television<--amod
as<--pobj pobj
crisis<--det
declined<--nsubj dobj prep
1940s<--det
fingers<--poss
spend<--aux dobj
removing<--dobj
like<--nsubj aux xcomp
Broadcasting<--nn
magnitude<--det prep
pay<--aux dobj
approved<--nsubj dobj
two-thirds<--advmod prep
S&L<--nn
engage<--aux prep
rated<--nsubjpass auxpass acomp prep
desire<--det vmod
financing<--nn
let<--nsubj ccomp
obtain<--aux dobj
elected<--nsubjpass auxpass xcomp xcomp
resulting<--prep
issue<--nsubj aux dobj
$<--num vmod
country<--det possessive
is<--nsubj advmod prep
reduce<--aux dobj prep prep
report<--poss
letter<--det prep
's<--nsubj neg prep
losses<--poss
reason<--num rcmod
operators<--nn
Nov.<--num num
not<--mark dep
governments<--amod
looking<--mark nsubj aux prep
audience<--poss
identify<--aux dobj
received<--prep
stock<--nn
Nasdaq<--possessive
problems<--vmod
school<--nn
time<--det prep
cut<--nsubj dobj
$<--num num advmod
went<--nsubj prep
attention<--poss
agreement<--det prep
write<--aux dobj
level<--det amod prep
election<--det amod
time<--det
needs<--nsubj xcomp
rating<--det amod
reached<--nsubjpass aux neg auxpass prep
intended<--nsubjpass auxpass xcomp
have<--advcl nsubj aux xcomp
poor<--det
Cambridge<--appos
got<--nsubj aux dobj
summer<--det
man<--det amod
battle<--det amod
along<--prep
Dun<--cc conj
financing<--dobj
chairman<--poss appos
trading<--prep
accommodate<--aux dobj
orders<--amod nn
oil<--cc conj
down<--pcomp
ratio<--poss nn
lost<--nsubj aux dobj
volume<--nn
found<--nsubj
earthquake<--det amod
talking<--nsubj aux prep
financing<--det
Department<--det nn nn
Japanese<--amod
services<--nn
million<--quantmod quantmod quantmod number
stemming<--prep
prices<--amod prep
effort<--det nn
announcement<--det prep
begins<--nsubj prep
Assets<--prep
Block<--nn
risk<--prep
crowd<--det
May<--num
Time<--possessive
family<--det possessive
projects<--rcmod
project<--det amod
firms<--amod
Dentsu<--possessive
program<--det nn nn
After<--pobj
case<--det amod prep
%<--nsubj cop num vmod
is<--nsubj parataxis ccomp
litigation<--amod
yield<--det
worst<--det
data<--det
yields<--amod prep
officials<--det
25<--quantmod quantmod quantmod
hoping<--ccomp
failed<--xcomp
accounts<--poss
like<--nsubj aux advmod xcomp
sense<--poss prep
bring<--aux dobj prep
system<--poss nn
dream<--det
generations<--amod
aid<--amod amod
followed<--nsubjpass auxpass prep cc conj
conspiring<--xcomp
With<--pcomp
emergence<--det prep
felt<--nsubj acomp
group<--det vmod
have<--nsubj advmod xcomp
increases<--prep
subsidiary<--poss nn nn
businesses<--poss
FDA<--det
year<--det amod amod
introduced<--prep
levels<--amod prep
Kellogg<--possessive
sales<--nn prep
buy<--dobj prep
pound<--det
units<--amod
1980s<--amod
of<--pobj pobj pobj pobj pobj
sense<--det
Democrats<--nn
early<--prep
market<--det amod prep
restructuring<--det
Goldman<--conj cc conj
yields<--amod
dealer<--det
build<--aux dobj prep
handful<--det prep
was<--nsubj prep
followed<--nsubj
cards<--poss
threat<--det amod
index<--det nn nn
prices<--nn nn
recapitalization<--det
president<--det nn prep
started<--nsubj prep
letting<--ccomp
days<--det amod prep
business<--poss amod nn
loss<--det amod prep
bonds<--poss
Columbia<--nn
increase<--det prep
for<--pobj cc conj pobj
capacity<--det vmod
deficit<--det nn
held<--nsubj dobj
used<--nsubj aux xcomp
ended<--tmod
statement<--det nn
supply<--aux dobj prep
by<--pobj
hopes<--prep
on<--pobj
computer<--det amod
plan<--det nn vmod
paid<--nsubj advmod dobj prep
expected<--mark nsubj
grow<--nsubj prep
investment<--det amod prep
owns<--nsubj
received<--nsubj dobj
amendment<--det amod vmod
executives<--det nn
net<--poss
leaves<--mark nsubj dobj
rates<--prep
answer<--det
as<--mwe pcomp
officials<--amod prep
damage<--amod prep
came<--nsubj prep advcl
buyers<--amod nn
sales<--amod prep prep
bill<--det
guarantees<--amod nn
states<--amod
report<--aux dobj
partner<--det amod
do<--nsubj aux advmod
yen<--num advmod num
Inc.<--nn nn possessive
increase<--det
300<--quantmod
drivers<--nn
bonds<--nn nn
over<--nsubj cop
department<--det nn prep
Lortie<--nn possessive
dealers<--det
name<--det prep
companies<--amod amod nn
figures<--amod nn
show<--nsubj aux dobj
intention<--poss vmod
competitors<--poss
theater<--det
making<--ccomp
transaction<--det rcmod
area<--det rcmod
doubling<--det prep
whooping<--dobj
ensure<--aux ccomp
vaccine<--det
are<--mark nsubj prep
representing<--dobj
Barron<--possessive
doing<--nsubj aux dobj
problems<--prep
determine<--aux ccomp
PLC<--nn nn possessive
Phillips<--nn
age<--num cc conj
relationship<--det amod prep
come<--nsubj aux prep
Semel<--nn
close<--det
according<--pcomp
block<--det
fight<--det
executives<--poss
%<--num num num
of<--mwe pobj pobj
486<--det
grid<--det
millions<--prep
bonds<--det nn
stocks<--amod
spokesman<--det prep
telephone<--det
long<--advmod ccomp
president<--cc conj
win<--aux dobj
received<--advmod nsubj dobj
talks<--prep
used<--nsubj dobj
raised<--nsubj dobj prep
committed<--prep
interest<--det
$<--det num vmod
effort<--det amod
valued<--prep
earthquake<--poss
value<--poss nn
works<--det
there<--advmod
volume<--amod prep
program<--det
business<--amod
Europe<--nn
Ltd<--nn nn nn
accounts<--amod
reluctant<--nsubj cop xcomp
problem<--det nn
barrels<--num dep
daughters<--poss
began<--mark nsubj prep
product<--det
without<--pcomp
houses<--amod
plunge<--poss amod
mines<--det
posts<--poss
paid<--nsubj prep prep prep
companies<--poss
practices<--mark nsubj dobj advcl
growth<--det
Office<--det nn nn
on<--pcomp
treatment<--amod prep
information<--det
try<--xcomp
operations<--poss nn nn
holding<--dobj
others<--prep
art<--det
agreed<--tmod nsubj xcomp
$<--num quantmod quantmod number number
rate<--det nn prep
chairman<--det possessive
Court<--det nn nn
time<--det amod prep
raised<--prep
set<--det prep
Not<--dep
family<--det nn
specialists<--nn
charge<--det prep prep
banks<--det amod
number<--det prep
cents<--num num
replace<--nsubj aux dobj
says<--nsubj
version<--det amod prep
production<--nn
profit<--poss
Rosen<--nn
Motors<--nn
take<--nsubj dobj
two<--det
involved<--nsubjpass auxpass prep
tactics<--amod
positive<--advmod
research<--amod nn
Fidelity<--possessive
1/2<--quantmod number
by<--pcomp
status<--amod
Proceeds<--prep
get<--mark nsubj dobj
Jan.<--num num
York<--nn possessive
cost<--aux dobj
Systems<--nn
currency<--det amod
houses<--nn
interest<--prep
feel<--nsubj ccomp
Put<--dobj prep prep xcomp
refuse<--nsubj xcomp
operating<--prep
wanted<--mark nsubj xcomp
families<--poss
orders<--nn
$<--nsubj cop quantmod number number
by<--pobj pobj pobj
%<--amod num cc num conj
from<--pobj pcomp
Rates<--prep
with<--pcomp
in<--pobj cc conj
case<--det nn
changes<--det
spread<--det nn prep
boost<--aux dobj
Congress<--det nn
Poland<--cc conj
programs<--det nn
Creek<--nn
issued<--nsubj dobj
appears<--nsubj xcomp
restrictions<--prep
1/2-year<--number
heart<--det prep
only<--dep
possibility<--det prep
America<--possessive
needed<--advmod
saying<--ccomp
drop<--det amod amod prep
regulators<--nn
free<--prep
quantities<--amod
over<--pcomp
owners<--amod nn
think<--mark nsubj ccomp
is<--nsubj advmod prep cc conj
covered<--prep
opinion<--poss
billion<--quantmod number number
decided<--nsubj xcomp
consider<--aux dobj
over<--advmod
pictures<--prep
industry<--det nn
range<--det amod prep
fight<--det prep
plans<--mark nsubj xcomp
filing<--dobj
at<--pcomp
As<--pobj
one<--cc conj
products<--nn
life<--amod
rise<--det prep
press<--det
Volume<--dep
going<--advmod prep
readers<--amod
was<--nsubj advmod xcomp
declined<--nsubj xcomp
omitted<--nsubjpass auxpass
contract<--det amod
used<--nsubjpass aux auxpass prep
judge<--det amod
president<--prep
Merc<--det
anticipation<--prep
virus<--det
position<--poss nn
dismissal<--poss
new<--cc conj
finished<--nsubj advmod prep
record<--det
voting<--prep
Kemp<--nn
$<--det num prep
sound<--det prep
plans<--tmod nsubj xcomp
1<--quantmod
conditions<--amod prep
be<--mark nsubj aux prep
months<--det amod num
agencies<--amod nn
about<--advmod
Lesko<--nn
as<--dep pobj
payment<--prep
circulated<--prep
change<--det nn
are<--advmod nsubj prep
time<--amod
section<--det amod prep
attracting<--dobj
test<--det amod
expect<--nsubj aux neg xcomp
outcry<--det amod
purchasing<--dobj prep
share<--det amod
including<--pcomp
takeover<--det
follow<--nsubj aux
make<--aux xcomp
attitude<--poss
$<--num cc conj num
increased<--nsubj aux dobj prep
represented<--nsubj dobj
depends<--nsubj prep
Carson<--nn
killing<--dobj
effort<--poss
kind<--det prep rcmod
Aside<--prep
file<--aux prep
notes<--det
cases<--num
stocks<--prep
year<--det det
focusing<--prep
people<--prep vmod
throughout<--pobj
battle<--det prep
rice<--cc conj
political<--cc conj
man<--det prep
strike<--det amod
evidence<--amod
size<--poss
things<--det rcmod
gain<--det prep prep
Jr.<--nn nn
carry<--nsubj aux dobj
claims<--amod
called<--nsubj dep
level<--det amod
exchange<--det
brokers<--nn
go<--aux prep prep
earnings<--prep prep
crisis<--poss amod advmod dep
longer<--prep
per<--pobj
jumped<--nsubj dobj prep prep
had<--nsubj dobj advmod
everything<--prep
had<--nsubj advmod dobj
computers<--poss amod
computers<--amod
union<--det nn nn
disclose<--nsubj aux neg dobj
ventures<--amod amod
development<--prep
charge<--det amod
raise<--aux dobj
gives<--iobj dobj
made<--nsubj prep xcomp
out<--pcomp cc conj
revenue<--poss
sport<--det
into<--pobj pobj
plant<--poss prep
completion<--prep
downside<--det
providing<--dobj prep
statement<--det
business<--det amod
able<--aux cop xcomp
payment<--det
chairman<--cc conj
adopt<--aux dobj
Jr.<--nn nn appos
trading<--amod nn nn
weekend<--det
partnership<--det amod
markets<--amod
something<--vmod
bought<--nsubj prep
problems<--poss amod
raise<--dobj
Beers<--nn
sales<--prep
president<--poss appos
success<--poss prep
earnings<--amod amod
broadly<--advmod
managers<--amod
was<--mark nsubj prep
reject<--aux dobj
agreed<--nsubj xcomp
onto<--pobj
to<--pobj prep
day<--det
Alan<--nn
caused<--prep
Merksamer<--nn
passengers<--num
director<--det
Democrat<--det nn
systems<--amod nn
planners<--amod
knows<--nsubj ccomp
moves<--amod
funds<--amod
trouble<--prep
orders<--amod prep
made<--mark nsubj xcomp
rate<--det amod
interests<--nn
on<--cc conj
individuals<--cc conj
rates<--amod prep dep
River<--det nn
activities<--amod
scenario<--det amod
gone<--nsubj aux advmod prep
scheduled<--advmod nsubjpass auxpass xcomp
leave<--aux
dividends<--amod
fund<--det possessive
continues<--mark nsubj xcomp
subject<--prep
think<--nsubj ccomp cc conj
Miller<--nn
community<--det amod
cases<--nn
stocks<--num amod
eased<--nsubj dobj prep
officials<--nn nn
suit<--det
success<--det prep
%<--num prep number
million<--number number prep
student<--det
Lee<--nn
see<--nsubj aux dobj
Securities<--nn
agreed<--prep nsubj xcomp
By<--pcomp
risk<--det amod
decision<--det
portfolio<--det amod
$<--num cc conj prep
three<--prep
Peterson<--nn
partner<--det prep
executives<--nn nn
south<--advmod prep
scale<--det nn
plenty<--prep
will<--nsubj
loans<--nn nn
amount<--det amod
claims<--amod prep
settle<--aux dobj prep
coming<--prt prep
produced<--mark nsubj dobj
of<--pobj pobj pobj pobj
show<--det amod nn
completed<--aux auxpass prep
costs<--nn nn
over<--dep pobj
package<--det nn
planes<--det
counter<--aux dobj
with<--pobj tmod
acquisition<--poss prep
product<--det amod
increase<--det amod prep
reason<--det amod
figure<--det
company<--det amod possessive
posted<--nsubj dobj prep
call<--det amod nn
construction<--amod
want<--nsubj
interests<--poss prep
revolution<--det nn
Code<--det nn nn
discuss<--aux dobj
crash<--det num
flying<--prep
Inc.<--nn possessive
announced<--prep
along<--pcomp
investors<--prep
doing<--dobj prep
use<--aux dobj prep
hole<--det
above<--npadvmod pobj
invests<--nsubj advmod prep
popular<--advmod
manager<--nn prep
system<--det rcmod
follow<--aux dobj
future<--poss
allow<--aux xcomp
Since<--pcomp
management<--nn
insurers<--amod
networks<--det
efforts<--poss amod
Eagle<--possessive
in<--pobj pobj pobj
costs<--nsubj dobj
sales<--poss amod
hours<--num
people<--det
change<--det amod prep
sold<--nsubjpass aux auxpass
third<--det prep
return<--aux prep
support<--poss amod prep
Workers<--det nn
produced<--prep
take<--aux dobj prep
evening<--det
reported<--advmod
elections<--det
hearings<--det
have<--mark nsubj xcomp
's<--mark expl nsubj
deal<--det amod
larger<--advmod
concern<--nn nn
kept<--nsubj dep
provides<--nsubj dobj
strategy<--det prep
reserves<--poss
reach<--aux dobj
spring<--det
receive<--nsubj aux dobj
over<--pobj pobj
yen<--det
get<--aux prep
pilots<--poss
markets<--nn
way<--det amod vmod
Evans<--nn
earnings<--poss amod
point<--det amod prep
have<--nsubj aux neg xcomp
outcome<--det
equivalent<--prep
ranged<--nsubj prep
often<--advmod
days<--det amod num
deficit<--det amod nn
index<--det nn nn amod
thing<--num prep
disclosed<--nsubjpass auxpass neg
delivering<--dobj
used<--nsubj aux dobj prep
house<--poss
miles<--num
group<--det
part<--prep
workers<--rcmod
payments<--det
Terms<--prep
Hancock<--nn
leaders<--amod
take<--nsubj aux dobj
program<--amod nn dep
spokeswoman<--det nn
lenders<--amod
said<--nsubj prep ccomp
company<--det possessive
talks<--det
calls<--nsubj advcl
job<--det amod